Your company, DataFlow Ventures, manages an online education platform that uses BigQuery for analyzing student engagement data. The team of data analysts working on this project frequently changes, and it’s often quite small. You need to allow these analysts to perform queries on BigQuery while following Google-recommended practices for managing access efficiently. What should you do?;C. 1. Create a dedicated Google group in Cloud Identity. 2. Add each data analyst's user account to the group. 3. Assign the BigQuery Job User role to the group.;A. 1. Create an IAM entry for each data analyst's user account. 2. Assign the BigQuery Job User role to the group.;B. 1. Create an IAM entry for each data analyst's user account. 2. Assign the BigQuery Data Viewer role to the group.;D. 1. Create a dedicated Google group in Cloud Identity. 2. Add each data analyst's user account to the group. 3. Assign the BigQuery Data Viewer role to the group.
The tech company AppVise has developed a platform for connecting businesses with freelance auditors. Your company's management has requested an external auditor to review the resources in a specific project. The security team has implemented the Organization Policy called Domain Restricted Sharing on the organization node, restricting sharing to only users within your company's Cloud Identity domain. You need to ensure that the auditor can only view, but not modify, the resources in that project. What should you do?;C. Create a temporary account for the auditor in Cloud Identity, and give that account the Viewer role on the project.;A. Ask the auditor for their Google account, and give them the Viewer role on the project.;B. Ask the auditor for their Google account, and give them the Security Reviewer role on the project.;D. Create a temporary account for the auditor in Cloud Identity, and give that account the Security Reviewer role on the project.
Your tech startup, AppifyNow, has been building a new app, and last month you noticed the project’s cloud expenses were higher than expected. After investigating, you discovered that one of your development GKE containers generated a large number of logs, leading to the unexpected cost increase. You want to quickly stop these logs with the fewest steps possible. What should you do?;A. 1. Go to the Logs ingestion window in Stackdriver Logging, and disable the log source for the GKE container resource.;B. 1. Go to the Logs ingestion window in Stackdriver Logging, and disable the log source for the GKE Cluster Operations resource.;C. 1. Go to the GKE console, and delete existing clusters. 2. Recreate a new cluster. 3. Clear the option to enable legacy Stackdriver Logging.;D. 1. Go to the GKE console, and delete existing clusters. 2. Recreate a new cluster. 3. Clear the option to enable legacy Stackdriver Monitoring.
A food delivery startup, MealDash, has its main website hosted on an App Engine standard environment. The team wants to test a new version of their site with 2% of their users while keeping the system as simple as possible. What should they do?;B. Deploy the new version in the same application and use the --splits option to give a weight of 98 to the current version and a weight of 2 to the new version.;A. Deploy the new version in the same application and use the --migrate option.;C. - Create a new App Engine application in the same project. - Deploy the new version in that application. - Use the App Engine library to proxy 2% of the requests to the new version.;D. - Create a new App Engine application in the same project. - Deploy the new version in that application. - Configure your network load balancer to send 2% of the traffic to that new application.
You are managing a photo-sharing platform called SnapGallery, which is deployed using a managed instance group. A new version of your platform is ready to be rolled out gradually, but SnapGallery is currently receiving live traffic from users. You need to make sure that the deployment of the new version doesn’t affect the current capacity of the platform, ensuring no decrease in availability. What should you do?;B. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 1 and maxUnavailable set to 0.;A. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 0 and maxUnavailable set to 1.;C. - Create a new managed instance group with an updated instance template. - Add the group to the backend service for the load balancer. - When all instances in the new managed instance group are healthy, delete the old managed instance group.;D. - Create a new instance template with the new application version. - Update the existing managed instance group with the new instance template. - Delete the instances in the managed instance group to allow the managed instance group to recreate the instance using the new instance template.
You are developing a new social media platform called "GlobeConnect" that allows users from all over the world to share and interact with posts in real time. The platform will be used globally, and you are unsure how quickly the user base will grow. Your CTO is concerned about the platform's scalability and wants to ensure the database can handle unpredictable growth while requiring minimal configuration changes. Which database solution would best fit these requirements?;B. Cloud Spanner;A. Cloud SQL;C. Cloud Firestore;D. Cloud Datastore
The fictional company CloudCab, a ridesharing platform, recently terminated an employee, but their access to CloudCab’s Google Cloud environment wasn’t removed for two weeks. Now, CloudCab's security team needs to determine if this former employee accessed any sensitive customer data during that time. What should they do?;C. - View Data Access audit logs in Cloud Logging. - Search for the user's email as the principal.;A. - View System Event Logs in Cloud Logging. - Search for the user's email as the principal.;B. - View System Event Logs in Cloud Logging. - Search for the service account associated with the user.;D. - View the Admin Activity log in Cloud Logging. - Search for the service account associated with the user.
You work for a tech startup known as “TechNova” and you are the organization and billing administrator in their cloud team. The app development team has the Project Creator role for the entire TechNova organization. However, you want to ensure that only the finance department can link projects to the billing account, while the app development team should not have this permission. At the same time, the finance team should only be allowed to manage the billing link without any other control over project settings. How would you set up permissions to achieve this?;C. Assign the finance team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing Manager role on the organization.;A. Assign the finance team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.;B. Assign the app development team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.;D. Assign the app development team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing Manager role on the organization.
You manage an e-commerce platform called CloudCart that runs on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) with cluster autoscaling enabled. The platform handles incoming traffic via a TCP endpoint and is designed with several replicated instances. In the same region, you also have a Compute Engine instance in a separate Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) called compute-vpc, which has non-overlapping IP ranges from the VPC where CloudCart is hosted. This Compute Engine instance needs to establish a connection to the CloudCart application running in GKE. You aim to implement a solution with minimal effort. What should you do?;C. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Add an annotation to this service: cloud.google.com/load-balancer-type: Internal 3. Peer the two VPCs together. 4. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the load balancer's address that has been created.;A. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Set the service’s externalTrafficPolicy to Cluster. 3. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the load balancer's address that has been created.;B. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type NodePort that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Create a Compute Engine instance called proxy with 2 network interfaces, one in each VPC. 3. Use iptables on this instance to forward traffic from compute-vpc to the GKE nodes. 4. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the proxy instance's address in compute-vpc as the endpoint.;D. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Add a Cloud Armor Security Policy to the load balancer that whitelists the internal IPs of the MIG’s instances. 3. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the load balancer's address that has been created.
You are managing a key application for FotoSnap, a popular photo-sharing platform, hosted on Compute Engine. This app is crucial to the business, and you want to ensure that the data on the boot disk of this app is backed up frequently. In the event of a disaster, you need to restore the backup as quickly as possible. Additionally, to save costs, you want older backups to be cleaned up automatically. You aim to follow the best practices recommended by Google. What should you do?;B. Create a snapshot schedule for the disk using the desired interval.;A. Create a Cloud Function to create an instance template.;C. Create a cron job to create a new disk from the disk using gcloud.;D. Create a Cloud Task to create an image and export it to Cloud Storage.
You are responsible for managing the analytics and monitoring for several projects on GCP for a fictional company called "ZenApps", which runs multiple mobile apps. ZenApps wants to explore and analyze all logs from their projects for the past 60 days. Following Google's recommended best practices, how should you aggregate and manage logs across all projects?;B. - Create a Stackdriver Logging Export with a Sink destination to a BigQuery dataset. - Configure the table expiration to 60 days.;A. Navigate to Stackdriver Logging and select resource.labels.project_id="*";C. - Create a Stackdriver Logging Export with a Sink destination to Cloud Storage. - Create a lifecycle rule to delete objects after 60 days.;D. - Configure a Cloud Scheduler job to read from Stackdriver and store the logs in BigQuery. - Configure the table expiration to 60 days.
The engineering department at Orbital Innovations, a company specializing in space-based data analytics, needs to reduce its GCP service costs. You have been tasked with shutting down all active services within one of their existing GCP projects, with the goal of completing this in the fewest number of steps. What should you do?;A. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Project Owner IAM role for this project. 2. Locate the project in the GCP console, click Shut Down, and then enter the project ID.;B. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Project Owner IAM role for this project. 2. Switch to the project in the GCP console, locate the resources, and delete them.;C. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Organizational Administrator IAM role for this project. 2. Locate the project in the GCP console, enter the project ID, and then click Shut down.;D. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Organizational Administrator IAM role for this project. 2. Switch to the project in the GCP console, locate the resources, and delete them.
You are managing the infrastructure for a popular fictional travel app, "WanderScape." The app is hosted on a Compute Engine instance within a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in the us-central1 region. This instance handles requests related to travel bookings and user profiles. Due to growing demand in Europe, you need to deploy a new Compute Engine instance in the europe-west1 region. This new instance must access the application hosted by the instance in the us-central1 region. You aim to follow Google-recommended best practices to achieve this. What should you do?;A. 1. Create a subnetwork in the same VPC, in europe-west1. 2. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the first instance's private address as the endpoint.;B. 1. Create a VPC and a subnetwork in europe-west1. 2. Expose the application with an internal load balancer. 3. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the load balancer's address as the endpoint.;C. 1. Create a subnetwork in the same VPC, in europe-west1. 2. Use Cloud VPN to connect the two subnetworks. 3. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the first instance's private address as the endpoint.;D. 1. Create a VPC and a subnetwork in europe-west1. 2. Peer the 2 VPCs. 3. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the first instance's private address as the endpoint.
You're managing an external review for a fictional company, ByteLens, which develops a photo-sharing application. You need to assign a Cloud Identity and Access Management (Cloud IAM) role to an external auditor. The auditor’s task is to review ByteLens' Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Audit Logs and also examine the Data Access logs to ensure regulatory compliance. What should you do?;B. - Assign the auditor the IAM role roles/logging.privateLogViewer. - Direct the auditor to also review the logs for changes to Cloud IAM policy.;A. - Assign the auditor the IAM role roles/logging.privateLogViewer. - Perform the export of logs to Cloud Storage.;C. - Assign the auditor's IAM user to a custom role that has logging.privateLogEntries.list permission. - Perform the export of logs to Cloud Storage.;D. - Assign the auditor's IAM user to a custom role that has logging.privateLogEntries.list permission. - Direct the auditor to also review the logs for changes to Cloud IAM policy.
Your logistics tracking system, TrackFleet, is deployed as a three-tier application on Compute Engine, with the infrastructure depicted below. In the TrackFleet setup, each tier of the application uses a distinct service account for the virtual machines. Communication between these tiers happens over port 8080. You need to adjust the network configuration so that Tier #1 can communicate with Tier #2, and Tier #2 can communicate with Tier #3. What steps should you take?;B. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#2 service account, Source: All instances with tier#1 service account, Protocols: TCP 8080 #2: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#3 service account, Source: All instances with tier#2 service account, Protocols: TCP 8080.;A. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Ingress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.1.2.0/24, Protocols: allow all #2: Ingress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.2.2.0/24, Protocols: allow all.;C. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#2 service account, Source: All instances with tier#1 service account, Protocols: allow all #2: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#3 service account, Source: All instances with tier#2 service account, Protocols: allow all.;D. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Egress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.1.2.0/24, Protocols: TCP 8080 #2: Egress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.2.2.0/24, Protocols: TCP 8080.
Your startup, “Flixly,” has accumulated a massive amount of unstructured data, including video files, text documents, and images in various formats. You are planning to run ETL transformations on this data and need to make it accessible on Google Cloud so that it can be processed by a Dataflow job. What should you do?;B. Upload the data to Cloud Storage using the gsutil command line tool.;A. Upload the data to BigQuery using the bq command line tool.;C. Upload the data into Cloud SQL using the import function in the console.;D. Upload the data into Cloud Spanner using the import function in the console.
You are overseeing several online services for a company called TechFuse, which runs multiple web applications across different Google Cloud projects. To manage these projects effectively using the fewest steps, you need to configure the Google Cloud SDK command line interface (CLI) for easy switching between projects. What should you do?;A. 1. Create a configuration for each project you need to manage. 2. Activate the appropriate configuration when you work with each of your assigned Google Cloud projects.;B. 1. Create a configuration for each project you need to manage. 2. Use “gcloud init” to update the configuration values when you need to work with a non-default project.;C. 1. Use the default configuration for one project you need to manage. 2. Activate the appropriate configuration when you work with each of your assigned Google Cloud projects.;D. 1. Use the default configuration for one project you need to manage. 2. Use “gcloud init” to update the configuration values when you need to work with a non-default project.
You are working with a Cloud SQL MySQL database for a social networking app called SnapSync. The app’s compliance team requires you to retain a month-end copy of the database for three years for audit purposes. What should you do?;A. - Set up an export job for the first of the month. - Write the export file to an Archive class Cloud Storage bucket.;B. - Save the automatic first-of-the-month backup for three years. - Store the backup file in an Archive class Cloud Storage bucket.;C. - Set up an on-demand backup for the first of the month. - Write the backup to an Archive class Cloud Storage bucket.;D. - Convert the automatic first-of-the-month backup to an export file. - Write the export file to a Coldline class Cloud Storage bucket.
You are managing the backend services for a new mobile app, QuickBuy, which allows users to make instant purchases from various online retailers. Recently, some users have reported an issue where their purchases are failing. After investigating, you discover that the problem stems from a Service Account that lacks the necessary permissions to complete the purchase process. You resolve the issue by updating the Service Account’s permissions. However, you want to ensure that you are alerted if this issue happens again in the future. What should you do?;C. Create a custom log-based metric for the specific error to be used in an Alerting Policy.;A. In the Log Viewer, filter the logs on severity 'Error' and the name of the Service Account.;B. Create a sink to BigQuery to export all the logs. Create a Data Studio dashboard on the exported logs.;D. Grant Project Owner access to the Service Account.
You are building a worldwide e-commerce platform that allows users to buy and sell digital products. The data for transactions, users, and inventory is stored and queried using a relational database. Customers from all regions need to see the exact same data state regardless of their location. To improve user experience, the application will be deployed across multiple geographic regions to minimize latency. You must choose a storage solution for your application's data that maintains consistency while also reducing latency.;C. Use Cloud Spanner for data storage.;A. Use Cloud Bigtable for data storage.;B. Use Cloud SQL for data storage.;D. Use Firestore for data storage.
Your team manages a project for StreamTrack, a company that specializes in delivering real-time analytics for live events. A data pipeline continuously streams event metrics into BigQuery. The analytics team at StreamTrack needs to run custom SQL queries to analyze the most recent data in BigQuery. How should you enable this?;D. Assign the IAM role of BigQuery User to a Google Group that includes all the members of the analytics team.;A. - Create a Data Studio dashboard that connects to the relevant BigQuery tables. - Provide the analytics team with view access to the Data Studio dashboard.;B. - Create a Service Account specifically for the analytics team - Generate a new private key for each member of the team.;C. Use Cloud Scheduler to schedule a batch Dataflow job to transfer the data from BigQuery to the analytics team’s internal data warehouse.
A company named RapidInventory is preparing to deploy a new inventory management application on Google Cloud. The application stores its entire dataset in-memory to ensure quick access to data, and the team needs to configure the most suitable Google Cloud resources to support this application. What is the best approach?;D. Provision Compute Engine instances with M1 machine type.;A. Provision preemptible Compute Engine instances.;B. Provision Compute Engine instances with GPUs attached.;C. Provision Compute Engine instances with local SSDs attached.
AcmeData is developing a new app that requires a custom IAM role for one of its Google Cloud services. All permissions in this role must be production-ready, and the company wants to easily communicate the role’s status to the rest of the team. This will be the first version of the custom role. What should AcmeData do?;A. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'supported' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to ALPHA while testing the role permissions.;B. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'supported' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to BETA while testing the role permissions.;C. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'testing' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to ALPHA while testing the role permissions.;D. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'testing' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to BETA while testing the role permissions.
Your company, QuickFleet, has developed a fleet management web application that runs over HTTPS. You are tasked with setting up an autoscaling managed instance group to support the application's scaling needs. One key requirement is to ensure that unhealthy VMs are automatically identified and replaced to maintain the application's availability. What should you do?;A. Create a health check on port 443 and use that when creating the Managed Instance Group.;B. Select Multi-Zone instead of Single-Zone when creating the Managed Instance Group.;C. In the Instance Template, add the label 'health-check'.;D. In the Instance Template, add a startup script that sends a heartbeat to the metadata server.
You are managing several applications for a logistics tracking platform that runs on different Compute Engine instances within the same project. You need to ensure that each instance uses a specific service account when making calls to Google Cloud APIs. How can you achieve this at a more detailed level?;A. When creating the instances, specify a Service Account for each instance.;B. When creating the instances, assign the name of each Service Account as instance metadata.;C. After starting the instances, use “gcloud compute instances update” to specify a Service Account for each instance.;D. After starting the instances, use “gcloud compute instances update” to assign the name of the relevant Service Account as instance metadata.
You are managing various services in a Kubernetes Engine cluster for a social media platform, PicSnap, which allows users to upload and share images. One of the services in this cluster is responsible for rendering high-resolution images. This image-rendering service requires a significant amount of CPU but relatively low memory, whereas the other services, like user profile management and feed updates, are optimized for general-purpose n2-standard machine types. You want to ensure that the cluster's resources are allocated as efficiently as possible for all services. What should you do?;B. - Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the image rendering service. - Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the other services.;A. Assign the pods of the image rendering service a higher pod priority than the other services.;C. - Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the image rendering service. - Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the other services.;D. - Configure the required amount of CPU and memory in the resource requests specification of the image rendering service deployment. - Keep the resource requests for the other services at the default.
A growing e-commerce platform, ShopMingle, is building a new inventory management system that will run on Google Kubernetes Engine. The team has determined that MongoDB is the ideal database solution for this system and needs to deploy a managed MongoDB environment that comes with a support Service Level Agreement (SLA). What should the team do?;B. Deploy MongoDB Atlas through the Google Cloud Marketplace.;A. Set up a Cloud Bigtable cluster and interact with it using the HBase API.;C. Install MongoDB by downloading the package and running it on Compute Engine instances.;D. Install MongoDB by downloading the package and running it on a Managed Instance Group.
You are managing a custom-built data processing tool for a local art marketplace platform. This tool processes transaction records in-memory every midnight, and the processing takes about 50 minutes. The size of the transaction records varies between 1 GB and 20 GB. You are now planning to migrate this tool to Google Cloud while aiming for minimal effort and cost. What approach should you take?;D. - Lift and shift to a VM on Compute Engine. - Use an instance schedule to start and stop the instance.;A. - Create a container for the data processing tool. - Use Cloud Scheduler to start a Cloud Run job for the container.;B. - Create a container for the data processing tool. - Deploy the container to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and use the Kubernetes scheduler to start the application.;C. - Upload the code to Cloud Functions. - Use Cloud Scheduler to start the application.
Your team has just launched a new online marketplace app for a fictional company, ShopNexus, which connects small retailers with customers in local areas. The app is critical to the business, as it handles all transactions and user data. You need to deploy the app on Kubernetes and ensure it operates with maximum reliability. You also want to follow the best practices recommended by Google Cloud for this deployment. What should you do?;B. - Create a GKE Autopilot cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the stable release channel.;A. - Create a GKE Autopilot cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the rapid release channel.;C. - Create a zonal GKE standard cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the stable release channel.;D. - Create a regional GKE standard cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the rapid release channel.
Your startup, CloudCraft Games, is moving its entire game server infrastructure to Compute Engine. Some of the servers need to be accessible over the Internet for player connections, while other servers should only be accessible by internal services for managing game logic. All servers need to communicate with each other over specific ports and protocols. Currently, your on-premises setup uses a demilitarized zone (DMZ) for public-facing servers and a Local Area Network (LAN) for internal-only servers. You need to design the networking setup on Google Cloud to match these requirements. What should you do?;A. 1. Create a single VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public ingress traffic for the DMZ.;B. 1. Create a single VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public egress traffic for the DMZ.;C. 1. Create a VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and another VPC with a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public ingress traffic for the DMZ.;D. 1. Create a VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and another VPC with a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public egress traffic for the DMZ.
Your company, ByteStream Inc., is developing a globally distributed application that requires scalable, high-performance data storage. You have decided to use Cloud Spanner as your database solution. Before you can create a Cloud Spanner instance, you need to complete the initial step in preparation. What should you do first?;A. Enable the Cloud Spanner API.;B. Configure your Cloud Spanner instance to be multi-regional.;C. Create a new VPC network with subnetworks in all desired regions.;D. Grant yourself the IAM role of Cloud Spanner Admin.
You're working for a new startup, SkyLoom, a company that provides AI-powered weather predictions through a mobile app. You've been assigned a Google Cloud project with an attached billing account where you'll be managing virtual machines for computations, setting up firewalls for security, and storing weather data in Cloud Storage. You want to follow Google-recommended practices as you set up the environment. What should you do?;B. - Use the “gcloud services enable compute.googleapis.com” command to enable Compute Engine. - Use the “gcloud services enable storage.googleapis.com” command to enable the Cloud Storage APIs.;A. Use the CLI “gcloud services enable cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com” command to enable all resources.;C. Open the Google Cloud console and enable all Google Cloud APIs from the API dashboard.;D. Open the Google Cloud console and run “gcloud init --project” in a Cloud Shell.
The development team at a startup called SkyTrack has built Docker images for their flight tracking application, which they plan to deploy on Google Cloud. The team prefers to avoid managing the underlying infrastructure and needs to ensure that the application can automatically scale as more users begin to use it. What should the team do?;D. - Upload Docker images to Artifact Registry - Deploy the application on Cloud Run.;A. - Create an instance template with the container image - Deploy a Managed Instance Group with Autoscaling.;B. - Upload Docker images to Artifact Registry - Deploy the application on Google Kubernetes Engine using Standard mode.;C. - Upload Docker images to the Cloud Storage - Deploy the application on Google Kubernetes Engine using Standard mode.
You are migrating a critical order management system for a fictional e-commerce platform called "ShopSwift" from its on-premise servers to Google Cloud. As part of your high-availability strategy, you need to ensure that the data used by the application will be accessible immediately in case of a zonal failure, preventing any downtime for your customers. What should you do?;D. - Store the application data on a regional persistent disk. - If an outage occurs, create an instance in another zone with this disk attached.;A. - Store the application data on a zonal persistent disk. - Create a snapshot schedule for the disk. - If an outage occurs, create a new disk from the most recent snapshot and attach it to a new VM in another zone.;B. - Store the application data on a zonal persistent disk. - If an outage occurs, create an instance in another zone with this disk attached.;C. - Store the application data on a regional persistent disk. - Create a snapshot schedule for the disk. - If an outage occurs, create a new disk from the most recent snapshot and attach it to a new VM in another zone.
Your creative app, BrightRecipes, which helps users find personalized cooking recipes, has been growing rapidly in popularity. Currently, BrightRecipes is hosted on a single-zone Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster in the europe-west1 region. You’re preparing to make it available for general use, and you need to ensure that the deployment is highly available and resilient. You also want to align with Google’s recommended practices for production environments. What should you do?;B. Use the gcloud container clusters create-auto command to create an autopilot cluster and deploy the application to it.;A. Use the gcloud container clusters create command with the options --enable-multi-networking and --enable-autoscaling to create an autoscaling zonal cluster and deploy the application to it.;C. Use the gcloud container clusters update command with the option --region europe-west1 to update the cluster and deploy the application to it.;D. Use the gcloud container clusters update command with the option --node-locations europe-west1-b,europe-west1-c to update the cluster and deploy the application to the nodes.
You are the CTO of a startup, CloudPix, which specializes in high-resolution image editing. The company is planning to move its on-premises storage solution to Google Cloud. The first task is to migrate 100 TB of image data. Your team estimates that future daily uploads will be within your network's bandwidth limit of 100 Mbps. To optimize costs and follow best practices, you need to decide on the most efficient way to handle this initial data migration. What should you do?;B. Obtain a Transfer Appliance, copy the data to it, and ship it to Google.;A. Set up Partner Interconnect for the duration of the first upload.;C. Set up Dedicated Interconnect for the duration of your first upload, and then drop back to regular bandwidth.;D. Divide your data between 100 computers, and upload each data portion to a bucket. Then run a script to merge the uploads together.
You are setting up a platform for a team of data analysts working on a fictional research project. The analysts need to run ad hoc SQL queries on large datasets, though they will only be actively using the platform for around one hour per day. However, they need to have the ability to run queries at any time, so the environment should always be ready. The solution needs to be cost-effective. What approach should you take?;B. - Store the data in BigQuery. - Run SQL queries in BigQuery.;A. - Store the data in Cloud Bigtable. - Run SQL queries provided by Bigtable schema.;C. - Create a Dataproc cluster. - Store the data in HDFS storage - Run SQL queries in Spark.;D. - Create a Dataproc cluster. - Store the data in Cloud Storage - Run SQL queries in Spark.
A company called SnapTask, a platform for managing team projects, has developed an application consisting of several microservices. Each microservice is packaged in its own Docker container image. The company wants to deploy this entire application on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), ensuring that each microservice can be scaled independently. What should they do?;D. Create and deploy a Deployment per microservice.;A. Create and deploy a Custom Resource Definition per microservice.;B. Create and deploy a Docker Compose File.;C. Create and deploy a Job per microservice.
You are migrating your gaming platform from an in-house data center to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). Your main goal is to keep expenses under control while ensuring you stay within your budget. What steps should you take?;A. Configure Autopilot in GKE to monitor node utilization and remove idle nodes.;B. Provision the required capacity; the sustained use discount will help you stay within budget.;C. Use the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler to scale individual nodes up and down.;D. Create several virtual machines in Compute Engine, group them in a managed instance group, and configure it to scale based on traffic.
Your company, ByteWorks Inc., is preparing to launch a new e-commerce platform. The team needs to estimate the cloud infrastructure costs for the upcoming quarter based on known project requirements. Time is of the essence, and you need to generate the estimate as quickly as possible. How should you proceed?;C. Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator to input your anticipated resource consumption for each category.;A. Build a basic machine learning model to forecast the platform's monthly cloud expenditure.;B. Calculate the expected hours of compute usage and multiply by the cost of virtual machines per hour.;D. Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator to input your resource consumption and account for potential volume discounts.
The engineering team at your company, Techie Tools Inc., is responsible for managing all Compute Engine instances in your sandbox environment. However, they should not be allowed to create or modify any other resources in the sandbox project. You want to adhere to Google's best practices for assigning permissions to the engineering team. What should you do?;A. Grant the basic role roles/viewer and the predefined role roles/compute.admin to the engineering team.;B. - Create an IAM policy and grant all compute.instanceAdmin.* permissions to the policy. - Attach the policy to the engineering team.;C. - Create a custom role at the folder level and grant all compute.instanceAdmin.* permissions to the role. - Grant the custom role to the engineering team.;D. Grant the basic role roles/editor to the engineering team.
Your team is running an on-premises fitness tracking application. The application consists of a set of complex microservices written in Python, with each microservice running in Docker containers. Configurations are injected using environment variables. You need to deploy your current application to a serverless Google Cloud solution. What should you do?;A. - Use your existing CI/CD pipeline. - Use the generated Docker images and deploy them to Cloud Run. - Update the configurations and the required endpoints.;B. - Use your existing continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) pipeline. - Use the generated Docker images and deploy them to Cloud Function. - Use the same configuration as on-premises.;C. - Use the existing codebase and deploy each service as a separate Cloud Function. - Update the configurations and the required endpoints.;D. - Use your existing codebase and deploy each service as a separate Cloud Run. - Use the same configurations as on-premises.
You are configuring service accounts for a new application called QuickRetail that spans multiple projects. Virtual machines (VMs) running in the project quickretail-web need access to BigQuery datasets in the project quickretail-crm-db. You want to follow Google-recommended practices to provide access to the service account in the quickretail-web project. What should you do?;D. Assign the “bigquery.dataViewer” role to quickretail-crm-db and appropriate roles to quickretail-web.;A. Assign the "Project Owner" role for quickretail-web to appropriate roles in quickretail-crm-db.;B. Assign the "Project Owner" role to both quickretail-crm-db and quickretail-web.;C. Assign the "Project Owner" role to quickretail-crm-db and the “bigquery.dataViewer” role to quickretail-web.
You are managing an online food delivery platform hosted on Compute Engine. You want your support team to be automatically notified if customers experience delays in loading order information for at least 3 minutes. You need a Google-recommended solution that doesn't require additional development costs. What should you do?;B. Create an alert policy to send a notification when the HTTP response latency exceeds the specified threshold.;A. Export Cloud Monitoring metrics to BigQuery and use a Looker Studio dashboard to monitor the platform's order processing latency.;C. Implement an App Engine service which invokes the Cloud Monitoring API and sends a notification in case of anomalies.;D. Use the Cloud Monitoring dashboard to observe latency and take the necessary actions when the response latency exceeds the specified threshold.
Your company, SkyCraft Solutions, has launched a new application called "WeatherTrak" that provides real-time weather updates. WeatherTrak is running on a single Compute Engine instance and saves its logs to a local disk. Recently, some users have reported errors when using the app. You need to identify the cause of the problem. What is the best course of action?;D. Install and configure the Ops agent and view the logs from Cloud Logging.;A. Navigate to Cloud Logging and view the application logs.;B. Configure a health check on the instance and set a “consecutive successes” Healthy threshold value of 1.;C. Connect to the instance’s serial console and read the application logs.
Your team is building the development, test, and production environments for a new mobile app called SnapTrends, which is designed to analyze social media trends in real time on Google Cloud. You need to efficiently deploy and manage these environments while ensuring consistency across them. You also want to follow the best practices recommended by Google Cloud. What should you do?;D. - Use the Cloud Foundation Toolkit to create one deployment template that will work for all environments - Deploy with Terraform.;A. Create a Cloud Shell script that uses gcloud commands to deploy the environments.;B. - Create one Terraform configuration for all environments. - Parameterize the differences between environments.;C. - For each environment, create a Terraform configuration. - Use them for repeated deployment. - Reconcile the templates periodically.
Your company, BrightLens Analytics, specializes in advanced video analytics for security systems. You need to deploy a third-party video processing application onto a single Compute Engine VM instance to process real-time security footage. The application has stringent requirements for high-speed disk access to manage its internal database of processed video frames. Additionally, you need to ensure the system can recover seamlessly in case of a failure. What should you do?;C. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be Hyperdisk Extreme. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateful managed instance group.;A. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be an SSD Persistent Disk. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateful managed instance group.;B. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be an SSD Persistent Disk. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateless managed instance group.;D. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be Hyperdisk Extreme. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateless managed instance group.
Imagine a startup called "TechNova Solutions" that is building a task automation app called "AutoTasker." They have a Compute Engine VM instance running in a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network with single-stack subnets. AutoTasker’s backend relies on this VM instance, and other internal services hosted in the same VPC need to communicate with it consistently. To ensure seamless communication, they need the VM to have a fixed IP address, following Google’s recommended practices while keeping costs low. What should the TechNova team do?;B. Promote the existing IP address of the VM to become a static internal IP address.;A. Promote the existing IP address of the VM to become a static external IP address.;C. Reserve a new static external IPv6 address and assign the new IP address to the VM.;D. Reserve a new static external IP address and assign the new IP address to the VM.
You are working for a rapidly growing e-commerce platform called SwiftCart. As the platform scales, you need to optimize its Google Cloud resource consumption and provide a detailed report on resource usage and associated costs. To achieve this in the most efficient way, you are evaluating your options for investigating resource consumption charges and presenting a clear summary of your findings. What should you do?;B. - Attach labels to SwiftCart's resources to reflect the owner and purpose. - Export Cloud Billing data into BigQuery, and analyze it with Data Studio.;A. - Rename SwiftCart's resources to reflect the owner and purpose. - Write a Python script to analyze resource consumption.;C. - Assign tags to SwiftCart's resources to reflect the owner and purpose. - Export Cloud Billing data into BigQuery, and analyze it with Data Studio.;D. - Create a script to analyze resource usage based on the project to which SwiftCart's resources belong. - In this script, use the IAM accounts and service accounts that control given resources.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new fitness-tracking app called FitMetrics. You want to ensure that any unexpected usage of cloud resources, either due to a bug in the app or a potential attack, doesn't lead to a significant increase in costs. What steps should you take to control spending and avoid sudden billing spikes?;B. Set up quotas for the resources that your project will be using.;A. Set up budgets and alerts in your project.;C. Set up a spending limit on the credit card used in your billing account.;D. Label all resources according to best practices, regularly export the billing reports, and analyze them with BigQuery.