A new online art gallery platform, Artiverse, has 35 GB of high-resolution digital art stored in a single file that needs to be uploaded to their Nearline Storage bucket on Google Cloud. The team is working with a WAN connection rated at 1 Gbps, and there is no other traffic on this connection. To maximize the upload speed and utilize as much of the available 1 Gbps bandwidth as possible, what should Artiverse do to transfer the file efficiently?;B. Enable parallel composite uploads using gsutil on the file transfer.;A. Use the GCP Console to transfer the file instead of gsutil.;C. Decrease the TCP window size on the machine initiating the transfer.;D. Change the storage class of the bucket from Nearline to Multi-Regional.
You are managing a fleet of automated weather monitoring stations for a fictional company, WeatherWise Analytics. Each station runs on virtual machines in a managed instance group with autoscaling enabled to handle spikes in data processing. The autoscaling policy is set up so that if CPU utilization of the VMs exceeds 85%, additional instances are added to the group. Currently, HTTP health checks with an initial delay of 45 seconds are configured to verify instance availability. However, each VM takes about two minutes to become ready for data processing. You've noticed that when traffic increases and the instance group autoscales, it often adds more instances than necessary. You aim to balance the instance group size more accurately with user demand during autoscaling. What should you do?;D. Increase the initial delay of the HTTP health check to 200 seconds.;A. Set the maximum number of instances to 1.;B. Decrease the maximum number of instances to 3.;C. Use a TCP health check instead of an HTTP health check.
A new company called NightlyReportsCo runs an app that processes large sets of customer data every night. Each data processing task takes approximately 2 hours to complete and runs overnight. The company wants to reduce the overall cost of running these nightly batch-processing jobs. What should NightlyReportsCo do?;C. - Select Compute Engine. - Use preemptible VM instances of the appropriate standard machine type.;A. - Select Google Kubernetes Engine. - Use a single-node cluster with a small instance type.;B. - Select Google Kubernetes Engine. - Use a three-node cluster with micro instance types.;D. - Select Compute Engine. - Use VM instance types that support micro bursting.
You've been tasked with setting up 10 virtual servers for StreamFlow, a video streaming platform. These servers must remain available even during system maintenance. Additionally, if a server crashes, it should automatically restart. How should you configure the servers?;A. - Create an instance template for the servers. - Set the 'Automatic Restart' to on. - Set the 'On-host maintenance' to Migrate VM instance. - Add the instance template to an instance group.;B. - Create an instance template for the servers. - Set 'Automatic Restart' to off. - Set 'On-host maintenance' to Terminate VM instances. - Add the instance template to an instance group.;C. - Create an instance group for the servers. - Set the 'Autohealing' health check to healthy (HTTP).;D. - Create an instance group for the servers. - Verify that the 'Advanced creation options' setting for 'do not retry machine creation' is set to off.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new gaming app called PlayWorld. PlayWorld has two types of server environments: production and testing. You plan to deploy both types of servers on Compute Engine. The production servers need to be on a different subnet than the test servers. All servers must communicate with each other using Internal IPs, and no additional routing should be necessary. You need to configure the VPC and subnets accordingly. What setup will achieve this?;A. - Create a single custom VPC with 2 subnets. - Create each subnet in a different region and with a different CIDR range.;B. - Create a single custom VPC with 2 subnets. - Create each subnet in the same region and with the same CIDR range.;C. - Create 2 custom VPCs, each with a single subnet. - Create each subnet in a different region and with a different CIDR range.;D. - Create 2 custom VPCs, each with a single subnet. - Create each subnet in the same region and with the same CIDR range.
In the context of a fictional company, let's say you're working at "TechSphere Solutions," and you have a web app called "TaskMate" that you need to host on a Compute Engine instance. The project environment is shared with multiple departments, and you're concerned about ensuring that other teams don't unintentionally bring the TaskMate app offline. Which feature would best help you achieve this?;D. Enable deletion protection on the instance.;A. Use a Shielded VM.;B. Use a Preemptible VM.;C. Use a sole-tenant node.
Your team at the startup QuickFoodie is working on a new food delivery application, and you've been tasked with testing a new feature that interacts with Cloud Datastore. You have a developer laptop running Ubuntu, and the Cloud SDK has already been installed via the Google Cloud Ubuntu package repository. You need to test your app locally by simulating Cloud Datastore. What should you do?;C. Install the google-cloud-sdk-datastore-emulator component using the “apt get install” command.;A. Export Cloud Datastore data using “gcloud datastore export”.;B. Create a Cloud Datastore index using “gcloud datastore indexes create”.;D. Install the cloud-datastore-emulator component using the “gcloud components install” command.
You are working as a senior app developer at a tech firm. One of your colleagues has deployed a microservice called ‘order-manager’ to your Kubernetes cluster using the YAML configuration file. While reviewing this configuration, you noticed that the database password is included in the YAML file as plain text. You want to propose some security best practices to your colleague. What should you suggest?;- The database password should be stored inside a Secret object. - Modify the YAML file to populate the DB_PASSWORD environment variable from the Secret.;- The database password should be stored inside the Docker image of the container, not in the YAML file.;- The database password should be stored inside a ConfigMap object. - Modify the YAML file to populate the DB_PASSWORD environment variable from the ConfigMap.;- The database password should be stored in a file inside a Kubernetes persistent volume - Persistent volume claim should be used to mount the volume to the container.
Your company, AppLoom, has developed a large-scale web platform hosted on Google Cloud. The platform’s infrastructure involves a vast hierarchy of folders and projects. Only a select group of team members should have the ability to view the full organizational structure. To ensure this is done securely and with minimal permissions, following Google Cloud’s best practices is essential. What should you do?;C. Add the users to a group, and add this group to roles/browser.;A. Add the users to roles/browser role.;B. Add the users to roles/iam.roleViewer role.;D. Add the users to a group, and add this group to roles/iam.roleViewer role.
Your team at TechTonic Solutions recently developed a new productivity app called WorkSync. After running “gcloud app deploy” to push the app to the cloud, you noticed that the deployment didn't happen on the correct Google Cloud project. Now, you're trying to figure out what went wrong and where the app was actually deployed. What should you do to investigate this issue?;D. Go to Cloud Shell and run “gcloud config list” to see the Google Cloud configuration used for the deployment.;A. Check the app.yaml file for WorkSync and review the project settings.;B. Check the web-application.xml file for WorkSync and review the project settings.;C. Go to Deployment Manager and review the deployment settings for your applications.
Your company, AcmeSolutions, has a single sign-on (SSO) identity provider that supports Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) integration with external service providers. AcmeSolutions also has users managed in Cloud Identity. You want these users to authenticate using AcmeSolutions' SSO provider for accessing your applications and services. What is the best course of action?;B. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with a third-party identity provider with Google as a service provider.;A. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with Google as an identity provider to access custom SAML apps.;C. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Mobile & Desktop Apps.;D. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Web Server Applications.
You are managing a cloud-based fitness tracking app called FitPulse, which helps users monitor their workouts. After deploying a new version of FitPulse to Google App Engine, you discover that the latest release contains a critical bug. To prevent further issues, you need to quickly revert to the previous stable version of the app. What is the best course of action?;C. On the App Engine Versions page of the GCP Console, route 100% of the traffic to the previous version.;A. Run gcloud app restore.;B. On the App Engine page of the GCP Console, select the app version that needs to be reverted and click Revert.;D. - Deploy the original version as a separate app. - Then go to App Engine settings and split traffic between apps so that the original version handles 100% of the traffic.
You are designing a data archival solution for ChronoPix, a company that manages historical financial data. You've chosen Cloud Storage to store the archived datasets. Your analysts need to retrieve this data about once every quarter to fulfill periodic regulatory audits. Which storage option should you choose to ensure cost efficiency?;A. Cold Storage (Coldline);B. Nearline Storage.;C. Regional Storage;D. Multi-Regional Storage
The team at a fictional company, SynthX, develops AI models and occasionally requires access to a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster that you oversee. Their AI models need GPUs for running long-duration, non-restartable tasks. To ensure that these operations are cost-efficient, what would you do?;A. Enable node auto-provisioning on the GKE cluster.;B. Create a VerticalPodAutoscaler for those specific workloads.;C. Create a node pool using preemptible VMs with GPUs attached to the VMs.;D. Set up a node pool with GPU instances, enabling autoscaling with a minimum pool size of 1.
You have successfully developed a web application for a fictional online grocery platform called FreshMart, using Compute Engine for your backend and Cloud SQL for your database in the development environment. Now, FreshMart is ready to launch in production, and you must create a separate production environment. However, FreshMart’s security team has mandated that no network routes can exist between the development and production environments, and you are required to adhere to Google-recommended practices. What is the best course of action?;A. - Create a new project, enable the Compute Engine and Cloud SQL APIs in that project - Replicate the setup you have created in the development environment.;B. - Create a new production subnet in the existing VPC and a new production Cloud SQL instance in your existing project - Deploy your application using those resources.;C. - Create a new project, modify your existing VPC to be a Shared VPC, share that VPC with your new project - Replicate the setup you have in the development environment in that new project in the Shared VPC.;D. - Ask the security team to grant you the Project Editor role in an existing production project used by another division of your company. - Once they grant you that role, replicate the setup you have in the development environment in that project.
Imagine you are working for a fictional company called "TechSphere Solutions," which has developed a new internal tool called "CollabSuite." This containerized web application will be used exclusively by employees during regular business hours. To minimize costs, you want to ensure that the application does not incur any charges when it is not in use outside of these hours. You have recently set up a new Google Cloud project and are ready to deploy the CollabSuite application. What should you do?;B. - Deploy the container on Cloud Run (fully managed) - Set the minimum number of instances to zero.;A. - Deploy the container on Cloud Run for Anthos - Set the minimum number of instances to zero.;C. - Deploy the container on the App Engine flexible environment with autoscaling - Set the value min_instances to zero in the app.yaml.;D. - Deploy the container on the App Engine flexible environment with manual scaling - Set the value instances to zero in the app.yaml.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new mobile app called SnapKart, which allows users to take photos of items they want to sell online. You have been using your personal credit card to cover the Google Cloud costs and expensing it to SnapKart's finance department. However, SnapKart wants to simplify the process and ensure all project expenses are charged directly to their corporate billing account. What should you do?;D. Change the billing account of your projects to SnapKart's corporate billing account.;A. Grant SnapKart’s finance team the IAM role of “Billing Account User” on the billing account linked to your personal credit card.;B. Set up BigQuery billing export and grant SnapKart’s finance department IAM access to query the data.;C. Create a ticket with Google Billing Support to request that they send the invoice directly to SnapKart.
Your company, DigiDocs, hosts a static documentation website using Cloud Storage. Recently, you added links to downloadable PDF guides on this site. Currently, when users click on these links, their browsers prompt them to save the PDF files to their devices. However, you want the PDFs to open directly in the browser without triggering the download prompt. How can you achieve this?;C. Set Content-Type metadata to application/pdf on the PDF file objects.;A. Enable Cloud CDN on the website frontend.;B. Enable 'Share publicly' on the PDF file objects.;D. Add a label to the storage bucket with a key of Content-Type and value of application/pdf.
The management team at your startup, BrightData Solutions, needs to allow its data analysts to query datasets in BigQuery, but they want to prevent the analysts from accidentally deleting any datasets. You are tasked with implementing a solution that aligns with Google's best practices. What should you do?;D. Create a custom role by removing delete permissions. Add users to the group, and then add the group to the custom role.;A. Add users to the roles/bigquery.user role only, instead of roles/bigquery.dataOwner.;B. Add users to the roles/bigquery.dataEditor role only, instead of roles/bigquery.dataOwner.;C. Create a custom role by removing delete permissions, and add users to that role only.
The fictional tech company "AppSolutions" specializes in creating software tools for project management. The company has user identities managed in their internal Active Directory system. AppSolutions wants to use its Active Directory as the primary source of truth for all user identities. They also want to have complete control over the Google accounts used by their employees across all Google services, including their Google Cloud Platform (GCP) projects and services. What approach should AppSolutions take?;A. Use Google Cloud Directory Sync (GCDS) to synchronize users into Cloud Identity.;B. Use the Cloud Identity APIs and write a script to synchronize users to Cloud Identity.;C. Export users from Active Directory as a CSV and import them to Cloud Identity via the Admin Console.;D. Ask each employee to create a Google account using self-signup. Require that each employee use their company email address and password.
FlickerTech, a fictional company, runs a popular web app hosted on a virtual machine currently configured with 2 vCPUs and 4 GB of memory. Recently, they have noticed that the app is running out of memory. The company wants to upgrade the virtual machine to have 8 GB of memory to handle the increasing load. What is the best approach to achieve this?;D. Stop the VM, increase the memory to 8 GB, and start the VM.;A. Rely on live migration to move the workload to a machine with more memory.;B. Use gcloud to add metadata to the VM and set the key to required-memory-size and the value to 8 GB.;C. Stop the VM, change the machine type to n1-standard-8, and start the VM.
You are managing an online education platform called EduStream, which uses BigQuery as a data warehouse to store student performance and course interaction data. A partner company, LearnAI, is proposing to offer a machine-learning engine that provides personalized learning recommendations based on the data in your BigQuery warehouse. LearnAI operates its services on Google Cloud, managing its resources in its own project. They require access to your BigQuery dataset to generate their recommendations. How can LearnAI access your dataset?;D. - Ask LearnAI to create a Service Account in their project - Grant their Service Account access to the BigQuery dataset in your project.;A. - Create a Service Account in your own project - Grant this Service Account access to BigQuery in your project.;B. - Create a Service Account in your own project - Ask LearnAI to grant this Service Account access to BigQuery in their project.;C. - Ask LearnAI to create a Service Account in their project - Have them give the Service Account access to BigQuery in their project.
The company Sparkstream, which develops a social media analytics app, has a designated team member responsible for creating and managing all service accounts for its various Google Cloud projects. You need to grant this team member the minimum necessary role for handling service accounts across projects. What should you do?;D. Add the user to roles/iam.serviceAccountAdmin role.;A. Add the user to roles/iam.roleAdmin role.;B. Add the user to roles/iam.securityAdmin role.;C. Add the user to roles/iam.serviceAccountUser role.
Your startup, Appverse Solutions, has implemented a hybrid cloud approach where some of your services are hosted on Google Cloud. You have a Virtual Private Network (VPN) tunnel linking your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) on Google Cloud with your on-premises infrastructure. Several cloud-based services need to connect to an on-premises database, and you'd like to avoid reconfiguring all the services every time the database's IP address changes. What should you do?;B. Set up a private zone in Cloud DNS and update the applications to use a DNS name for the database.;A. Configure Cloud NAT for all subnets in your VPC to handle egress traffic from the virtual machines.;C. Store the database IP address as custom metadata on each virtual machine, and have the services query the metadata server.;D. Have the applications use Compute Engine’s internal DNS service to retrieve the database’s IP address.
You are conducting a monthly security review of your company's cloud-based pet adoption platform, PawsConnect, and want to identify who has permission to view sensitive data stored within your Google Cloud project. What should you do?;B. Review the IAM permissions for any role that allows for data access.;A. Enable Audit Logs for all APIs that are related to data storage.;C. Review the Identity-Aware Proxy settings for each resource.;D. Create a Data Loss Prevention job.
Your company, QuickShift, runs an online marketplace for fast, local deliveries. You've been using Cloud Run for Anthos to manage your microservices architecture successfully. Now, you want to test an updated version of your app by directing a specific percentage of your production users to this new version while continuing to serve the rest with the current one (canary deployment). What steps should you take?;B. - Create a new revision with the updated version of the app. - Split traffic between this version and the current one.;A. - Create a new service with the updated version of the app. - Split traffic between this version and the current one.;C. - Create a new service with the updated version of the app. - Set up an HTTP Load Balancer in front of both services.;D. - Create a new revision with the updated version of the app. - Set up an HTTP Load Balancer in front of both revisions.
Your company has created a live quiz app that users can play on their smartphones over the internet. The app needs to send UDP packets to the backend servers in real time to update players' scores and actions during multiplayer sessions. The backend system is designed to scale across several virtual machines (VMs), and you want to make these VMs accessible via a single IP address. What approach should you take?;D. Configure an External Network load balancer in front of the application servers.;A. Configure an SSL Proxy load balancer in front of the application servers.;B. Configure an Internal UDP load balancer in front of the application servers.;C. Configure an External HTTP(s) load balancer in front of the application servers.
Your company, "PhotoSnapper," is an online photo-sharing platform that stores large volumes of user-uploaded images in Cloud Storage buckets. An external auditor is now reviewing your organization's data usage, focusing specifically on who accessed the stored images in the Cloud Storage buckets. You need to assist the auditor in getting the required access logs. What should you do?;A. - Turn on Data Access Logs for the buckets they want to audit. - Build a query in the log viewer that filters on Cloud Storage.;B. - Assign the appropriate permissions. - Create a Data Studio report on Admin Activity Audit Logs.;C. Assign the appropriate permissions, and then use Cloud Monitoring to review metrics.;D. Use the export logs API to provide the Admin Activity Audit Logs in the format they want.
You are managing the server fleet for an online video streaming platform, StreamFlix, which runs on Google Cloud. Your application servers are part of a managed instance group (MIG). Recently, you noticed in Cloud Logging that one of the virtual machines (VMs) in the group has a process that is no longer responding. You need to quickly replace this unresponsive VM to ensure seamless service. What should you do?;B. Use the “gcloud compute instance-groups managed recreate-instances” command to recreate the VM.;A. Use the “gcloud compute instances update” command with a REFRESH action for the VM.;C. Select the MIG from the Compute Engine console and, in the menu, select Replace VMs.;D. Update and apply the instance template of the MIG.
Your startup, AeroLogix, is using Google Workspace to manage user accounts. Over the next two years, your team is expected to expand 10x as you scale your aviation logistics platform. Many of these new team members will need access to your Google Cloud resources. Your goal is to ensure that the systems and processes in place can handle the tenfold growth smoothly, without impacting performance, adding unnecessary complexity, or introducing security risks. What is the best course of action?;C. - Enable identity federation between Cloud Identity and Google Workspace - Enforce multi-factor authentication for domain-wide delegation.;A. - Migrate the user accounts to Active Directory. - Connect the HR management system to Active Directory. - Enable Google Cloud Directory Sync (GCDS) for Cloud Identity - Activate Identity Federation between Cloud Identity and Active Directory.;B. - Organize the user accounts within Cloud Identity into groups. - Enforce multi-factor authentication in Cloud Identity.;D. - Use a third-party identity provider through federation. - Sync user accounts from Google Workspace to the third-party provider in real time.
Your team at YonderTech has developed a new application that is packaged into a Docker image. You are now ready to deploy this Docker image as a workload on Google Kubernetes Engine for scaling and management. What steps should you take to deploy the application?;D. Upload the image to the Artifact Registry and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;A. Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.;B. Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;C. Upload the image to Artifact Registry and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.
You are working for a new app called "BookBox," a platform that helps users track and organize their personal libraries. The platform's data warehouse is built on BigQuery. During the day, BookBox appends new data to its warehouse, and each night the daily summary is recalculated by overwriting a specific table. Recently, you noticed that the visualizations in Looker Studio, used for generating insights and reports for BookBox, are broken. You need to investigate the issue and understand the root cause of the problem. What should you do?;D. Use the BigQuery interface to review the nightly job and look for any errors.;A. In Cloud Logging, create a filter for your Looker Studio report.;B. Use the open-source CLI tool, Snapshot Debugger, to find out why the data was not refreshed correctly.;C. Review the Error Reporting page in the Google Cloud console to find any errors.
You are working for a social media startup called ShareNest, which uses Google Cloud services to handle its messaging infrastructure. One of the Pub/Sub topics that manages real-time notifications is being handled by Config Connector, and now you need to permanently delete this topic from your Google Cloud project. What should you do?;B. Use kubectl to delete the topic resource.;A. Use kubectl to create the label deleted-by-cnrm and to change its value to true for the topic resource.;C. Use gcloud CLI to delete the topic.;D. Use gcloud CLI to update the topic label managed-by-cnrm to false.
Your company's new e-commerce platform, GearShop, has experienced an issue where the managed instance group has triggered an alert indicating that new instance creation has failed. You need to resolve this instance creation failure to ensure smooth scaling and availability for the website. What action should you take?;A. - Create an instance template with valid syntax that will be used by the managed instance group. - Delete any persistent disks that share the same name as instance names.;B. - Create an instance template with valid syntax that will be used by the managed instance group. - Ensure that the instance name and persistent disk name in the template are not identical.;C. - Check that the instance template used by the managed instance group has valid syntax. - Delete any persistent disks that share the same name as instance names. - Set the disks.autoDelete property to true in the instance template.;D. - Remove the current instance template and replace it with a new template. - Ensure that the instance name and persistent disk name in the template are not identical. - Set the disks.autoDelete property to true in the instance template.
Your company, DigitalFlare, runs several cloud services across different Google Cloud projects, each associated with unique billing accounts. To optimize your budget planning, you aim to consolidate all cost information into a single visual dashboard. You also want the data to update quickly with the most recent billing information. What approach should you take?;D. Set up Billing Data Export to BigQuery and use Looker Studio to visualize the data.;A. Enter all cloud resources into the Pricing Calculator for an estimated monthly cost.;B. Use the Reports tab in the Cloud Billing Console to review your cost details.;C. Access the Cost Table page to export a CSV file and analyze it using Looker Studio.
A popular video streaming platform, ShowFlix, processes a large batch workload every night to analyze user data and improve recommendations. The task requires a significant number of virtual machines (VMs) to handle the computations. Since the process is fault-tolerant, ShowFlix can afford to have a few VMs shut down without affecting the outcome. However, the current cost of running these VMs is too high, and the company wants to reduce it. What should they do?;A. - Run a test using simulated maintenance events. - If the test is successful, use Spot N2 Standard VMs when running future jobs.;B. - Run a test using simulated maintenance events. - If the test is successful, use N2 Standard VMs when running future jobs.;C. - Run a test using a managed instance group. - If the test is successful, use N2 Standard VMs in the managed instance group when running future jobs.;D. - Run a test using N1 standard VMs instead of N2. - If the test is successful, use N1 Standard VMs when running future jobs.
You are working for a new telemedicine startup that provides a platform for doctors to upload patient scans from their local servers. Currently, the scans are stored in an on-premises server. The company wants to move towards using Cloud Storage for long-term storage of these scans. They also need an automated solution to ensure that any new scans are uploaded to Cloud Storage without manual intervention. You are tasked with designing and implementing this solution. What should you do?;C. - Write a script that uses the gsutil command line tool to synchronize the on-premises storage with Cloud Storage. - Schedule this script to run as a cron job.;A. - Create a Pub/Sub topic and enable a Cloud Storage trigger for the Pub/Sub topic. - Develop an application that sends all new scans to the Pub/Sub topic.;B. - Deploy a Dataflow job using the batch template "Datastore to Cloud Storage”. - Schedule the batch job to run at the desired interval.;D. In the Cloud Console, manually upload the scans to the appropriate Cloud Storage bucket.
Your company is migrating its e-commerce order tracking system to Google Cloud. The compliance team needs to access the data and generate reports in BigQuery, but they must not be allowed to modify or process any orders within the system. As the project lead for the migration, you need to choose the simplest solution with minimal maintenance. What should you do?;C. Create a group for the compliance team, and assign roles/bigquery.dataViewer to them.;A. Assign roles/bigquery.dataViewer to the individual compliance team members.;B. Create a group for the compliance team and assign roles/viewer to them.;D. Assign a custom role to each compliance team member that allows view-only access to BigQuery.
Your company, ByteFleet, recently created a new SaaS platform that provides real-time analytics for transportation companies. To manage and automate resource access within the platform, you received a JSON file that contains a private key tied to a Service Account. You've already downloaded and installed the Cloud SDK and now need to use this private key to authenticate and authorize yourself for running gcloud commands to interact with the various services in your Google Cloud project. What is the correct next step?;B. Use the command “gcloud auth activate-service-account” and point it to the private key.;A. Use the command “gcloud auth login” and point it to the private key.;C. Place the private key file in the installation directory of the Cloud SDK and rename it to "credentials.json".;D. Place the private key file in your home directory and rename it to "GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS".
A new food delivery app, FoodJoy, has experienced rapid growth, leading to a high volume of orders being placed every minute. The processing demand has surpassed the capabilities of a single virtual machine (VM). You need to distribute these incoming orders across multiple servers in real time while ensuring the solution remains cost-effective. What should you do?;C. - Send orders to Pub/Sub. - Process them in VMs in a managed instance group.;A. - Send orders to BigQuery. - On the VMs, poll for orders that do not have the ‘processed’ key, and mark them ‘processed’ when done.;B. - Set up Cloud SQL with a memory cache for speed. - On your multiple servers, poll for orders that do not have the ‘processed’ key, and mark them ‘processed’ when done.;D. Record orders in Cloud Bigtable, and poll for new orders from the VMs.
Your company, BrightTech Solutions, is expanding its cloud infrastructure for a new mobile application. You need to establish a direct connection between your on-premises data center and several virtual machines hosted inside a virtual private cloud (VPC) on Google Cloud. The goal is to provide fast, secure access for your team to these VMs, while also keeping the solution low-maintenance and cost-effective. What should you do?;B. Use Cloud VPN to create a bridge between the VPC and your network.;A. Set up Cloud Interconnect.;C. Assign a public IP address to each VM, and assign a strong password to each one.;D. Start a Compute Engine VM, install a software router, and create a direct tunnel to each VM.
You are designing a new weather-tracking app that collects and stores data from thousands of sensors spread across the country. The app will store up to 15 petabytes (PB) of weather data and needs to support fast reads and writes of small data packets from each sensor. The data schema for these sensor readings is simple. You want to choose the most cost-effective solution for storing this data. What should you do?;C. - Store the data in Cloud Bigtable - Implement the business logic in the programming language of your choice.;A. - Store the data in Cloud Spanner - Add an in-memory cache for speed.;B. - Store the data in Cloud Storage - Distribute the data through Cloud CDN for speed.;D. - Use BigQuery - Implement the business logic in SQL.
You are responsible for managing the media processing service for a growing streaming platform called StreamHaven. The platform allows users to upload and encode videos, which need to be processed at any time without interruption or performance degradation. The user base is rapidly expanding, and ensuring that the video encoding service is highly available is critical to avoid downtime. You also want to automate operational tasks in line with best practices recommended by Google. What should you do?;D. - Deploy the encoding service to an instance group - Set the autoscaling based on CPU utilization.;A. - Deploy the encoding service on multiple standalone Compute Engine instances. - Increase the number of existing instances when CPU utilization on Cloud Monitoring reaches a certain threshold.;B. - Deploy the encoding service on multiple standalone Compute Engine instances - Replace existing instances with high-CPU instances when CPU utilization on Cloud Monitoring reaches a certain threshold.;C. - Deploy the encoding service to an instance group - Increase the number of available instances whenever you see high CPU utilization in Cloud Monitoring.
You are managing a delivery tracking platform called "ParcelFlow" deployed on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). The system has two main components: the backend service that processes parcel data and the frontend service used by customers to track their packages. To ensure seamless communication between your frontend pods and backend service pods, even during pod movement or restarts, what steps should you take?;A. Create a service that groups your backend service pods, and configure the frontend pods to communicate through this service.;B. Create a DNS entry with a fixed IP address for the frontend service to connect to the backend service.;C. Assign static internal IP addresses for the frontend service to connect to the backend pods.;D. Assign static external IP addresses for the frontend service to connect to the backend pods.
You are in charge of managing a digital address book service for "GeoMap," a global map and location services company. The service will allow users to add, update, delete, and list addresses. Each of these functions is handled by a different Docker container microservice. The demand on the service can range from low to extremely high. You need to deploy this service on Google Cloud to ensure it is scalable and requires minimal maintenance. What should you do?;A. Deploy your Docker containers into Cloud Run.;B. Start each Docker container as a managed instance group.;C. Deploy your Docker containers into Google Kubernetes Engine.;D. Combine the four microservices into one Docker image, and deploy it to the App Engine instance.
Your company, NebulaTech, is launching its first cloud-based app, StarTrack. The app will be used to monitor and track user engagement in real-time and includes sensitive user data. You need to ensure that only specific members of the development team, such as data engineers and security analysts, have access to this sensitive information. To keep administrative overhead low, you want to assign the most appropriate Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles with minimal maintenance. What should you do?;D. - Create groups. - Assign an IAM Predefined role to each group as required, including those who should have access to sensitive data. - Assign users to groups.;A. Assign a basic role to each user.;B. - Create groups. - Assign a basic role to each group, and then assign users to groups.;C. - Create groups. - Assign a Custom role to each group, including those who should have access to sensitive data. - Assign users to groups.
Your company, QuickBite, runs a popular food delivery app called QuickBite. The app has specific data retention guidelines as given below. You want to implement these guidelines automatically and in the simplest way possible. What should you do? - Archive order records older than one year. - Delete order records older than five years. - Store all other data in standard storage.;A. Set up Object Lifecycle management policies.;B. - Run a script daily. - Copy order records older than one year to an archival bucket, and delete data older than five years.;C. - Run a script daily. - Set storage class to ARCHIVE for data older than one year, and delete data older than five years.;D. - Set up default storage class for three buckets named: STANDARD, ARCHIVE, DELETED. - Use a script to move data into the appropriate bucket when it matches the retention guidelines.
Your startup, ByteSpace, has collected a massive amount of unstructured data in various file formats from your app's users. You need to perform ETL transformations on this data and ensure it is accessible for a Dataflow job on Google Cloud. What is the best approach?;B. Upload the data to Cloud Storage using the gcloud storage command.;A. Upload the data to BigQuery using the bq command line tool.;C. Upload the data into Cloud SQL using the import function in the Google Cloud console.;D. Upload the data into Cloud Spanner using the import function in the Google Cloud console.
You manage an online platform that you want to make accessible to all members of your affiliate network. The application is hosted on a server with a specific IP address. To ensure smooth operation, you don't want to update the IP address in your DNS settings if the server fails or needs to be swapped out. Additionally, you want to minimize downtime while keeping setup and costs as low as possible. What is the best approach?;C. Reserve a static external IP address and assign it through Cloud DNS.;A. Create a script that automatically updates the IP address for the domain when the server crashes or is replaced.;B. Reserve a static internal IP address and assign it through Cloud DNS.;D. Use the Bring Your Own IP (BYOIP) method to use your own IP address.
Your company, SwiftCart, runs an online marketplace platform that uses Cloud Storage for storing user-uploaded product images and Firestore to store product listings and customer data. You are responsible for monitoring all changes in both the product images and listings. For each change, you need to invoke a verification action that ensures compliance of the new data in near real-time. You want to implement this with minimal configuration. What should you do?;B. Use Cloud Function events, and call the compliance script from the Cloud Function triggers.;A. Use the trigger mechanism in each datastore to invoke the compliance script.;C. Use a Python script to get logs of the datastores, analyze them, and invoke the compliance script.;D. Redirect your data-changing queries to an App Engine application, and call the compliance script from the application.