Your company, SnapRide, operates a ride-hailing app that runs on servers in its own data center. The app needs to access important data stored in Cloud Storage. However, SnapRide's security policies prohibit public IP addresses and restrict internet access for the servers hosting the app. You want to follow Google’s recommended best practices to securely provide the app with access to Cloud Storage. What should you do?;1. Establish a VPN or Interconnect tunnel to a VPC in Google Cloud. 2. Use Cloud Router to advertise the custom route 199.36.153.4/30. 3. Configure your on-premises DNS server to resolve *.googleapis.com as a CNAME pointing to restricted.googleapis.com, and announce the network via the VPN tunnel.;1. Use nslookup to retrieve the IP address of storage.googleapis.com. 2. Negotiate with the security team to assign a public IP to the servers. 3. Restrict egress traffic from the servers to only the IP addresses for storage.googleapis.com.;1. Set up a VPN tunnel using Cloud VPN to connect your data center with a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in Google Cloud. 2. Deploy a Compute Engine instance in this VPC and install a Squid proxy on it. 3. Configure your data center servers to use this proxy instance to access Cloud Storage.;1. Use Migrate for Compute Engine (formerly Velostrata) to migrate your servers from your data center to Compute Engine. 2. Create an internal load balancer (ILB) in Google Cloud that points to storage.googleapis.com. 3. Configure the new instances to access Cloud Storage through this ILB.
Your company, TechFlow Solutions, has a web application that relies on Google Cloud's infrastructure. The operations team is responsible for managing and maintaining a large number of Compute Engine instances that power this application. Each operations team member needs administrative access to these instances, while the security team wants to ensure that credentials are managed efficiently and that access to the instances can be tracked to individual team members. What should you do to meet these requirements?;- Have each team member generate an SSH key pair and add the public key to their Google account. - Grant the "compute.osAdminLogin" role to the Google group corresponding to the operations team.;- Generate a new SSH key pair and provide the private key to each team member. - Configure the public key in the metadata of each instance.;- Instruct each team member to generate their own SSH key pair and send you their public key. - Use a configuration management tool to deploy these public keys to each instance.;- Generate a new SSH key pair and share the private key with all team members. - Set up the public key as a project-wide public SSH key in your Cloud project, allowing project-wide SSH keys on all instances.
Several team members at your company, Snackify, have been developing new projects on the Cloud Platform and using their personal credit cards to cover costs, which the company then reimburses. The company now wants to streamline billing by consolidating all projects under a single billing account. What should you do?;In the Google Cloud Platform Console, create a new billing account and set up a payment method.;Contact cloud-billing@google.com with your bank account details and request a corporate billing account for Snackify.;Create a ticket with Google Support and wait for their call to share your credit card details over the phone.;In the Google Cloud Console, go to the Resource Manager and move all projects to the root Organization.
GreenWorks, a new startup, is launching an eco-friendly marketplace app that must serve a large number of users quickly. To ensure minimal latency for their site, they want to set up a single HTTP reverse proxy with caching capabilities. The reverse proxy will use almost no CPU, but they require 30 GB of in-memory cache, with an additional 2 GB of memory for other processes. They are also looking to keep costs as low as possible. How should they set up this reverse proxy on Google Cloud Platform?;Run it on Compute Engine, and choose a custom instance type with 6 vCPUs and 32 GB of memory.;Create a Cloud Memorystore for Redis instance with 32-GB capacity.;Package it in a container image, and run it on Kubernetes Engine, using n1-standard-32 instances as nodes.;Run it on Compute Engine, choose the instance type n1-standard-1, and add an SSD persistent disk of 32 GB.
Imagine you are managing multiple environments for a new ride-sharing app called QuickRide, where each environment has its own Kubernetes Engine cluster setup. You need to check the Kubernetes cluster configuration of one of the inactive environments with minimal steps. What should you do?;Use “kubectl config use-context” and “kubectl config view” to review the output.;Use “gcloud config configurations” describe to review the output.;Use “gcloud config configurations activate” and “gcloud config list” to review the output.;Use “kubectl config get-contexts” to review the output.
Your company, an online education platform named Learnly, has an existing GCP organization with hundreds of projects and a billing account. Recently, Learnly acquired a virtual tutoring startup, TutorVerse, which also has hundreds of projects and its own billing account. To streamline operations, you would like to consolidate all GCP costs from both organizations onto a single invoice. You want to achieve this consolidation as of tomorrow. What should you do?;Link TutorVerse's projects to Learnly's billing account.;Configure TutorVerse's billing account and Learnly's billing account to export billing data into the same BigQuery dataset.;- Migrate TutorVerse's projects into Learnly's GCP organization. - Link the migrated projects to Learnly's billing account.;- Create a new GCP organization and a new billing account. - Migrate both Learnly's and TutorVerse's projects into the new GCP organization and link the projects to the new billing account.
Your company, SnapDojo runs a social media platform where users can upload images. These images need to be processed by converting them to an internal optimized binary format and stored afterward. You want to choose the most efficient and cost-effective approach for handling this task. What should you do?;- Upload images to a Cloud Storage bucket and monitor the bucket for new uploads. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them back in a Cloud Storage bucket.;- Upload images to Cloud Bigtable and monitor Bigtable for new entries. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them in Bigtable.;- Upload images to Firestore and monitor Firestore for new entries. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them in Firestore.;- Upload images to Filestore and monitor Filestore for changes. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them in Filestore.
You are working on a new ride-sharing app called SwiftRides. You have already set up a development project with appropriate IAM roles for your development team. Now, you're launching the production version of the app and need to apply the same IAM roles to your production project with the fewest possible steps. What should you do?;Use “gcloud iam roles copy” and specify the production project as the destination project.;Use “gcloud iam roles copy” and specify your organization as the destination organization.;In the Google Cloud Platform Console, use the 'create role from role' functionality.;In the Google Cloud Platform Console, use the 'create role' functionality and select all applicable permissions.
NovaTech Solutions is planning to launch a new web application, and they need to create a custom VPC with a single subnet. The application’s subnet should have the largest possible IP address range to accommodate future scaling. Which range should they choose for the subnet?;10.0.0.0/8;1.1.1.10/32;192.16.0.0/12;192.168.0.0/16
You are working at ByteShift, a company that provides a ride-sharing app called RideRunner. You are tasked with deploying a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster to handle the app’s back-end services. As part of this deployment, you also need to ensure that a DaemonSet runs in the kube-system namespace of the GKE cluster to monitor the nodes. You want to accomplish this in the simplest way possible using the fewest services. What should you do?;Add the cluster's API as a new Type Provider in Deployment Manager, and use the new type to create the DaemonSet.;Use the Deployment Manager Runtime Configurator to create a new Config resource that contains the DaemonSet definition.;With Deployment Manager, create a Compute Engine instance with a startup script that uses kubectl to create the DaemonSet.;In the cluster's definition in Deployment Manager, add a metadata that has kube-system as key and the DaemonSet manifest as value.
VegaTech, a startup that creates personalized stargazing apps, is looking to deploy its new web application. The app, packaged in a container image, provides a virtual telescope through an HTTP endpoint but currently receives very few daily users. They want to deploy the app in a cost-efficient manner. What should they do?;Deploy the container on Cloud Run.;Deploy the container on Cloud Run on GKE.;Deploy the container on App Engine Flexible.;Deploy the container on GKE with cluster autoscaling and horizontal pod autoscaling enabled.
Your company, StellarApps, runs a distributed mobile application that relies on multiple backend services deployed on Compute Engine instances. For performance and security analysis, you need to collect and send all the logs from these instances to a BigQuery dataset called app-logs for further analysis. You've already ensured that the Cloud Logging agent is installed on all the instances. Since cost efficiency is a priority, you're looking for the best approach to achieve this. What should you do?;In Cloud Logging, create a filter to display only Compute Engine logs. Click Create Export. Select BigQuery as the Sink Service and the app-logs dataset as the Sink Destination.;Assign the BigQuery Data Editor role on the app-logs dataset to the service accounts used by your Compute Engine instances. Update your instances' metadata to include the following value: logs-destination: bq://app-logs.;In Cloud Logging, create a logs export with a Cloud Pub/Sub topic called app-logs as a sink. Develop a Cloud Function triggered by messages in the app-logs topic. Configure this Cloud Function to filter out non-Compute Engine logs and insert the Compute Engine logs into the app-logs dataset.;Develop a Cloud Function that has the BigQuery User role on the app-logs dataset. Configure the Cloud Function to create a BigQuery job that runs the following query: INSERT INTO dataset.app-logs (timestamp, log) SELECT timestamp, log FROM compute.logs WHERE timestamp > DATE_SUB(CURRENT_DATE(), INTERVAL 1 DAY). Use Cloud Scheduler to trigger this Cloud Function daily.
Your organization runs a social media platform that needs to store user activity log files for 3 years. Your platform manages hundreds of Google Cloud projects. You need to implement a cost-effective solution for retaining these log files. What should you do?;Create an export to the sink that saves logs from Cloud Audit to a Coldline Storage bucket.;Create an export to the sink that saves logs from Cloud Audit to BigQuery.;Write a custom script that uses logging API to copy the logs from Stackdriver logs to BigQuery.;Export these logs to Cloud Pub/Sub and write a Cloud Dataflow pipeline to store logs to Cloud SQL.
Your organization, TrendyTech Solutions, runs an app that stores critical data backups for disaster recovery on Google Cloud Storage. To ensure you adhere to Google's best practices, which storage class should you select for long-term backup retention?;Coldline Storage;Multi-Regional Storage;Regional Storage;Nearline Storage
You are managing a new microservices-based application for a social media platform called SnapWave, which allows users to upload and share audio clips. You want to deploy a service on Cloud Run that processes user activity messages from a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. You aim to follow Google's recommended best practices. What should you do?;Create a service account. Give the Cloud Run Invoker role to that service account for your SnapWave application. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription that uses that service account and uses your SnapWave application as the push endpoint.;Create a Cloud Function that uses a Cloud Pub/Sub trigger on that topic. Call your SnapWave application on Cloud Run from the Cloud Function for every message.;Grant the Pub/Sub Subscriber role to the service account used by Cloud Run. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription for that topic. Make your SnapWave application pull messages from that subscription.;Deploy your SnapWave application on Cloud Run on GKE with the connectivity set to Internal. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription for that topic. In the same Google Kubernetes Engine cluster as your application, deploy a container that takes the messages and sends them to your application.
A startup called "Artify" is developing an AI-driven digital art platform that requires a licensing server for its proprietary image rendering software. This software is configured to look for its licensing server at the IP address 10.194.3.41. Artify wants to deploy this licensing server on Google Compute Engine but does not want to modify the existing software configuration. How can they ensure that the application continues to reach the licensing server at the specified IP?;Reserve the IP 10.194.3.41 as a static internal IP address using gcloud and assign it to the licensing server.;Reserve the IP 10.194.3.41 as a static public IP address using gcloud and assign it to the licensing server.;Use the IP 10.194.3.41 as a custom ephemeral IP address and assign it to the licensing server.;Start the licensing server with an automatic ephemeral IP address, and then promote it to a static internal IP address.
Your company, ByteDrop, hosts large media files on a public platform using an Apache web server that runs on a Compute Engine instance. However, the Apache web server is just one of many applications running in the ByteDrop infrastructure. The team wants to receive an email notification when the egress network costs for the Apache server exceed $100 for the current month, as reported by Google Cloud. What should you do?;- Export the billing data to BigQuery. - Create a Cloud Function that uses BigQuery to sum the egress network costs of the exported billing data for the Apache web server for the current month and send an email if it is over 100 dollars. - Schedule the Cloud Function using Cloud Scheduler to run hourly.;Set up a budget alert on the project with an amount of 100 dollars, a threshold of 100%, and a notification type of email.;Set up a budget alert on the billing account with an amount of 100 dollars, a threshold of 100%, and a notification type of email.;- Use the Cloud Logging Agent to export the Apache web server logs to Cloud Logging. - Create a Cloud Function that uses BigQuery to parse the HTTP response log data in Cloud Logging for the current month and sends an email if the size of all HTTP responses, multiplied by current Google Cloud egress prices, totals over 100 dollars. - Schedule the Cloud Function using Cloud Scheduler to run hourly.
You are tasked with setting up autohealing for the backend systems of a popular multi-regional e-commerce website, ShopEase, that operates on multiple Compute Engine instances. The goal is to ensure that if any backend server becomes unresponsive, it is automatically re-created after failing 2 consecutive health checks, each with a 8-second interval. You want to achieve this with the minimum number of steps. What should you do?;Create a managed instance group. Set the Autohealing health check to healthy (HTTP);Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an existing instance group. Set the health check to healthy (HTTP);Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an existing instance group. Define a balancing mode and set the maximum RPS to 8.;Create a managed instance group. Verify that the autoscaling setting is on.
Your startup, TechFuze, has developed a new social media platform that consists of multiple microservices. You are planning to deploy this platform to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and want to ensure that the GKE cluster can scale automatically as more features and microservices are added in the future. To minimize manual configuration each time a new feature is deployed, what should you do?;- Create a GKE cluster with autoscaling enabled on the node pool. - Set a minimum and maximum for the size of the node pool.;Deploy the platform on GKE, and add a HorizontalPodAutoscaler to the deployment.;Deploy the platform on GKE, and add a VerticalPodAutoscaler to the deployment.;- Create a separate node pool for each microservice - Deploy each microservice to its dedicated node pool.
You are working for a startup called SkyStream, which has developed a new video-streaming app. You've been tasked with setting up infrastructure on Google Cloud using the gcloud command line interface (CLI). You've already created a new project and linked a billing account. Now, you need to create a Compute Engine instance using the CLI. What are the prerequisite steps you need to take?;Enable the compute googleapis.com API.;Create a Cloud Monitoring Workspace.;Create a VPC network in the project.;Grant yourself the IAM role of Compute Admin.
Imagine you are deploying a food delivery application called "QuickBites" to App Engine. The app experiences varying request rates throughout the day, and you want to ensure that it always has the capacity to handle sudden increases in traffic. To achieve this, you need to maintain at least 4 unoccupied instances ready at all times, while allowing the number of instances to scale according to the number of incoming requests. Which scaling type should you use?;Automatic Scaling with min_idle_instances set to 4.;Manual Scaling with 4 instances.;Basic Scaling with min_instances set to 4.;Basic Scaling with max_instances set to 4.
Your company, PixaShare, operates a photo-sharing application where users upload images that are stored on Cloud Storage using the Standard Storage class. The app only requires access to images uploaded within the last 30 days. You want to minimize costs by automatically managing older images that are no longer needed by the application in the near future. What should you do?;Create an object lifecycle on the storage bucket to change the storage class to Archive Storage for objects older than 30 days.;Create a cron job in Cloud Scheduler to call a Cloud Functions instance every day to delete images older than 30 days.;Create a retention policy on the storage bucket of 30 days, and lock the bucket by using a retention policy lock.;Enable object versioning on the storage bucket and add lifecycle rules to expire non-current versions after 30 days.
You are the lead developer for a new social networking app, “Chatville”, which allows users to share posts and comments. Your team needs to select a cost-effective solution for storing a small set of operational relational data, all hosted in a single geographic region. The solution must also support point-in-time recovery for user data in case of accidental deletions or changes. What should you do?;- Select Cloud SQL (MySQL). - Verify that the enable binary logging option is selected.;- Select Cloud SQL (MySQL). - Select the create failover replicas option.;- Select Cloud Spanner. - Set up your instance with 2 nodes.;- Select Cloud Spanner. - Set up your instance as multi-regional.
Your company, EasyRetail, is transitioning from a traditional data center to Google Cloud. The development teams use Cassandra environments as backend databases for different microservices. Each team requires an isolated development environment for testing, and you want to complete the migration quickly while minimizing support and operational overhead. What should you do?;1. Instruct your developers to visit the Cloud Marketplace. 2. Ask them to launch a pre-configured Cassandra image for their development needs.;1. Create a step-by-step guide on how to manually install Cassandra on Google Cloud. 2. Share this guide with your developers.;1. Set up a Cassandra instance on Compute Engine and take a snapshot. 2. Use the snapshot to create additional instances for the developers.;1. Create a Cassandra instance on Compute Engine and take a snapshot. 2. Upload this snapshot to Cloud Storage and share it with your developers. 3. Provide them with instructions on how to spin up their own instances using this snapshot.
The content management team has a project named Content Analytics Hub that has the ID zephyr-analytics-hub. You need to set up similar Google Cloud resources for the design team, but their resources must be organized independently of the content management team. What should you do?;Create another project with the ID zephyr-design-hub for the design team and deploy the resources there.;Grant the Project Editor role to the design team for zephyr-analytics-hub.;Create a Project Lien on zephyr-analytics-hub and then grant the Project Editor role to the design team.;Create a new project named Design Analytics Hub and use the ID zephyr-analytics-hub. Grant the Project Editor role to the design team.
Imagine you are managing a virtual machine for a startup called "BrightLight Media" that runs a popular video streaming service. This virtual machine is crucial for the service's performance. You want to ensure that you are notified if the server’s CPU usage exceeds 90% using Google Cloud tools for monitoring and alerting. What steps would you take to set this up?;Set up a Cloud Monitoring Workspace and link it to your Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project. Create a Cloud Monitoring Alerting Policy with a 90% CPU threshold. Add your email address to the notification channel.;Create a personal Gmail account. Write a custom script that monitors the CPU usage. When the CPU usage goes above 90%, the script sends an email using smtp.gmail.com on port 25.;Set up a Cloud Monitoring Workspace and link it to your GCP project. Develop a custom script that sends CPU usage as a custom metric to Cloud Monitoring. Create an uptime check for your virtual machine within Cloud Monitoring.;Use Cloud Logging to create a logs-based metric, extracting CPU usage data using the regular expression: CPU Usage: ([0-9] {1,3})%. In Cloud Monitoring, create an Alerting Policy based on this metric. Add your email address to the notification channel.
You are managing a restaurant review app hosted on Google Cloud that uses Cloud Spanner to store reviews and restaurant data. Your operations team is responsible for monitoring the app’s environment, but they should not be able to access any review or restaurant details in the database. You want to set up the right permissions for your operations team while following Google-recommended best practices. What should you do?;Add the operations team group to the roles/monitoring.viewer role;Add the operations team group to the roles/spanner.databaseUser role;Add the operations team group to the roles/spanner.databaseReader role;Add the operations team group to the roles/stackdriver.accounts.viewer role
Your company runs an online recipe-sharing platform, RecipeBox, which uses Cloud Spanner as the backend database. The platform experiences predictable traffic spikes during meal times. You want to ensure that the number of Spanner nodes automatically scales up or down based on user traffic. What should you do?;- Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to a webhook when Cloud Spanner CPU is above or below your threshold. - Set up a Cloud Function that listens for HTTP requests and resizes the Spanner resources automatically.;Create a cron job that runs on a scheduled basis to review Cloud Monitoring metrics, and then resize the Spanner instance accordingly.;- Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to on-call site reliability engineers (SRE) via email when Cloud Spanner CPU exceeds a threshold. - The SREs would manually adjust the resources up or down.;- Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to Google Cloud Support via email when Cloud Spanner CPU exceeds your threshold. - Google Cloud Support would handle the scaling adjustments.
VentureNow, a new tech startup, is onboarding a group of new employees to their cloud infrastructure. Some of the employees already have personal Google accounts that might overlap with their work email addresses. VentureNow wants to adhere to Google's best practices and avoid any potential account conflicts during the setup process. What should the team do?;Invite the employee to transfer their existing Google account.;Invite the employee to use an email alias to resolve the conflict.;Tell the employee they must delete their existing Google account.;Tell the employee to remove all personal emails from their existing Google account.
You manage a web application called DataVizPro that aggregates and visualizes data from BigQuery. The app is hosted on App Engine using the default App Engine service account for authentication. The dataset you need to visualize is stored in a separate project, which is controlled by a different team. You do not currently have access to this external project, but you need your app to be able to read the data from the BigQuery dataset in that project. What action should you take?;Ask the other team to grant your default App Engine service account the BigQuery Data Viewer role.;Ask the other team to grant your default App Engine service account the BigQuery Job User role.;In the Cloud IAM settings of your project, ensure that the default App Engine service account has the BigQuery Data Viewer role.;In the Cloud IAM settings of your project, grant a newly created service account from the other team the BigQuery Job User role in your project.
Your company, MovieMagic Productions, is building an AI-driven platform that runs in your local data center. The platform leverages Google Cloud Platform (GCP) services, such as AutoML, to analyze user-submitted video content. You have created a service account with the necessary permissions to access AutoML. Now, you need to ensure that your on-premises application can authenticate and connect to GCP APIs. What should you do?;Use gcloud to create a key file for the service account that has appropriate permissions.;Use service account credentials in your on-premises application.;Set up direct interconnect between your data center and Google Cloud Platform to enable authentication for your on-premises applications.;Go to the IAM & admin console, grant a user account permissions similar to the service account permissions, and use this user account for authentication from your data center.
Your startup, GreenLeaf Solutions, is looking to move its existing infrastructure to Google Cloud. The current setup is mentioned below. The goal is to minimize operational expenses while adhering to Google's recommended best practices for serverless architecture. How should you migrate these components?;- Migrate the customer dashboard to App Engine and the backend API to Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Cloud Run.;- Migrate the customer dashboard to App Engine and the backend API to Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Compute Engine.;- Host the customer dashboard on a Cloud Storage bucket and the backend API on Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Cloud Run.;- Host the customer dashboard on a Cloud Storage bucket and the backend API on Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Compute Engine.
You're managing the infrastructure for a new social media platform called SnapTag, which allows users to share real-time photo and video updates. As part of your setup, you need to establish a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster. It's essential that node identity and integrity are verifiable, and the nodes should not be accessible from the public internet. Additionally, you want to minimize operational overhead and adhere to best practices recommended by Google. What approach should you take?;Deploy a private autopilot cluster.;Deploy a public autopilot cluster.;Deploy a standard public cluster and enable shielded nodes.;Deploy a standard private cluster and enable shielded nodes.
You are responsible for managing the database performance of an online education platform called EduPrime, which uses Cloud Spanner to handle student data and course materials. The platform operates in a single Google Cloud region, and you need to enhance the query performance in the shortest possible time. You aim to adhere to Google’s recommended practices for configuring services. What should you do?;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 65%. - If this threshold is exceeded, add more nodes to your Cloud Spanner instance.;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 45%. - If this threshold is exceeded, add more nodes to your Cloud Spanner instance.;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 45%. - Use database query statistics to identify queries with high CPU usage and optimize those queries by rewriting them.;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 65%. - Use database query statistics to identify queries with high CPU usage and optimize those queries by rewriting them.
Your team at a growing tech startup, Techlyfe Solutions, has designed a new application infrastructure using various Google Cloud products. The team has asked you to estimate the monthly cost of running this solution. You need to calculate an accurate estimate for the monthly total cost of the infrastructure. What should you do?;- For each Google Cloud product used in the solution, review the pricing details on the product’s pricing page. - Use the pricing calculator to total the monthly costs for each Google Cloud product.;- For each Google Cloud product used in the solution, review the pricing details on the product’s pricing page. - Create a Google Sheet that summarizes the expected monthly costs for each product.;- Provision the solution on Google Cloud. Keep the solution running for one week. - Then navigate to the Billing Report page in the Cloud Console. - Multiply the one-week cost to estimate the monthly cost.;- Provision the solution on Google Cloud. - Keep the solution running for one week. - Use Cloud Monitoring to identify the provisioned and used resource amounts. - Multiply the one-week usage data to estimate the monthly costs.
NovaPayments, a fictional online invoicing platform, is planning to migrate its invoice records from its local data center to Cloud Storage. The invoices have specific requirements as mentioned below. NovaPayments wants to adopt Google's best practices to reduce operational and development costs. What should they do?;- Enable object versioning on the Cloud Storage bucket - Configure lifecycle conditions to adjust the storage classes - Specify the number of versions, and delete outdated invoices.;- Enable retention policies on the Cloud Storage bucket - Use Cloud Scheduler to trigger a Cloud Function that moves or deletes invoices based on their metadata.;- Enable retention policies on the Cloud Storage bucket - Set lifecycle rules to adjust the storage classes of the invoices - Specify the number of versions to retain, and delete outdated invoices.;- Enable object versioning on the Cloud Storage bucket - Use Cloud Scheduler to invoke a Cloud Function to manage the movement or deletion of invoices based on their metadata.
The technical team at a growing fintech startup, CloudLedger, manages a data processing application that runs on a Dataproc cluster within a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network. This network operates in a single subnet with the IP range 10.0.2.0/25. Due to IP address exhaustion in the current VPC network, no private IP addresses are available for further use. You need to introduce new VMs that will communicate with the Dataproc cluster while minimizing the complexity and number of steps required. What is the best course of action?;Modify the existing subnet range to 10.0.2.0/24.;Create a new Secondary IP Range in the VPC and configure the VMs to use that range.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs. - Enable VPC Peering between the VMs' VPC network and the Dataproc cluster VPC network.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs with a subnet of 10.0.2.0/16. - Enable VPC network Peering between the Dataproc VPC network and the VMs VPC network. - Configure a custom Route exchange.
You are responsible for managing a social media app's backend infrastructure, specifically a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster called "chat-prod" hosted on Google Cloud. You want to configure your command line interface (CLI) to always target this GKE cluster by default for any future commands. You've just installed the Cloud SDK, and now you want to ensure that any future CLI operations are set to focus on this specific cluster. What should you do?;Use the command “gcloud config set container/cluster chat-prod”.;Use the command “gcloud container clusters update chat-prod”.;Create a file called gke.default in the ~/.gcloud folder that contains the cluster name.;Create a file called defaults.json in the ~/.gcloud folder that contains the cluster name.
Imagine you are running a photo-sharing website called SnapBucket, where users upload and view high-resolution images. The site is hosted on a general-purpose Compute Engine instance, and it's experiencing excessive disk read throttling on its Zonal SSD Persistent Disk. SnapBucket primarily reads large image files from the disk. The current disk size is 350 GB. Your goal is to provide the maximum amount of throughput for these read operations while minimizing costs. What should you do?;Migrate to use a Local SSD on the instance.;Increase the size of the disk to 1 TB.;Increase the allocated CPU to the instance.;Migrate to use a Regional SSD on the instance.
The technical team at "EcoGrow Solutions," a startup that provides smart irrigation systems, has asked you to deploy a new workload to their Kubernetes cluster. You are uncertain about the workload's exact resource needs because they may vary based on different usage patterns, such as weather data inputs, varying customer activity, and external API responses. You need to implement a solution that offers cost-effective suggestions for CPU and memory, ensuring the workload remains stable in all conditions. Following the best practices recommended by Google Cloud, what approach should you take?;- Configure the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for availability - Configure the Vertical Pod Autoscaler recommendations for suggestions.;- Configure the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for availability - Configure the cluster autoscaler for suggestions.;- Configure the Vertical Pod Autoscaler recommendations for availability - Configure the Cluster autoscaler for suggestions.;- Configure the Vertical Pod Autoscaler recommendations for availability - Configure the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for suggestions.
You are managing a third-party photo editing application that will run on a Compute Engine instance for a fictional company called "PixelPro". Other Compute Engine instances running for PixelPro are using default configurations. The application's installation files are stored in Cloud Storage. You need to ensure that the new instance can access these installation files without allowing other virtual machines (VMs) in PixelPro's network to access them. What should you do?;- Create a new service account and assign this service account to the new instance. - Grant the service account permissions on Cloud Storage.;- Create the instance with the default Compute Engine service account. - Grant the service account permissions on Cloud Storage.;- Create the instance with the default Compute Engine service account. - Add metadata to the objects on Cloud Storage that match the metadata on the new instance.;- Create a new service account and assign this service account to the new instance. - Add metadata to the objects on Cloud Storage that match the metadata on the new instance.
Your company, StellarClimb, is running a three-tier social media platform on virtual machines that use a MySQL database. You need to estimate the total cost of cloud infrastructure to run this application on Google Cloud instances and Cloud SQL. What should you do?;- Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator to determine the cost of every Google Cloud resource you expect to use. - Use similar size instances for the web server, and use your current on-premises machines as a comparison for Cloud SQL.;- Create a Google spreadsheet with multiple Google Cloud resource combinations. - On a separate sheet, import the current Google Cloud prices and use these prices for the calculations within formulas.;- Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator and select the Cloud Operations template to define your web application with as much detail as possible.;- Implement a similar architecture on Google Cloud, and run a reasonable load test on a smaller scale. - Check the billing information, and calculate the estimated costs based on the real load your system usually handles.
You are tasked with setting up the most cost-efficient storage solution for a fictional app called DataFlow Insights, which processes large datasets continuously for critical analytics tasks. These datasets are accessed regularly by teams based in Boston, MA (United States). The goal is to ensure minimal storage costs while maintaining optimal access speeds for this high-importance pipeline. What should you do?;- Configure regional storage for the region closest to the users. - Configure a Standard storage class.;- Configure regional storage for the region closest to the users. - Configure a Nearline storage class.;- Configure dual-regional storage for the dual region closest to the users. - Configure a Nearline storage class.;- Configure dual-regional storage for the dual region closest to the users. - Configure a Standard storage class.
You are managing a web platform for an online food delivery service called QuickEats, which operates on the Google Cloud Platform. As part of your update strategy, you want to test new features with a small portion of live traffic to gather feedback, while most of the users should continue to interact with the stable version of the platform. What approach should you take?;- Deploy the platform on App Engine. For each update, create a new version of the same service. - Configure traffic splitting to send a small percentage of traffic to the new version.;- Deploy the platform on App Engine. For each update, create a new service. - Configure traffic splitting to send a small percentage of traffic to the new service.;- Deploy the platform on Kubernetes Engine. - For a new release, update the deployment to use the new version.;- Deploy the platform on Kubernetes Engine. - For a new release, create a new deployment for the new version. - Update the service to use the new deployment.
Your company, SolarTech Solutions, has an internal app that uses a Bigtable instance with three nodes, storing sensitive customer data, including personally identifiable information (PII). The security team has requested that you log all read and write operations, including metadata and configuration reads, and send these logs to your company’s Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system. What should you do?;- Navigate to the Audit Logs page in the Google Cloud console, and enable Data Read, Data Write, and Admin Read logs for the Bigtable instance. - Create a Pub/Sub topic as a Cloud Logging sink destination, and add your SIEM as a subscriber to the topic.;- Navigate to Cloud Monitoring in the Google Cloud console, and create a custom monitoring job for the Bigtable instance to track all changes. - Create an alert by using webhook endpoints, with the SIEM endpoint as a receiver.;- Navigate to the Audit Logs page in the Google Cloud console, and enable Admin Write logs for the Bigtable instance. - Create a Cloud Functions instance to export logs from Cloud Logging to your SIEM.;- Install the Ops Agent on the Bigtable instance during configuration. - Create a service account with read permissions for the Bigtable instance. - Create a custom Dataflow job with this service account to export logs to the company’s SIEM system.
Your company, SwiftOrder Solutions, has an internal app that handles order processing for a single warehouse facility. The app is designed specifically for employees working on-site. It needs strong consistency, and quick queries, and supports ACID transactions for complex multi-table updates. Currently, the app runs on PostgreSQL, and you are looking to migrate it to the cloud with minimal changes to the existing codebase. Which cloud database service would best suit this application?;Cloud SQL;BigQuery;Cloud Spanner;Cloud Datastore
A software development company, SwiftData Solutions, has created two separate environments on Google Cloud Kubernetes (GKE) for its application as mentioned below. You have used the kubectl get nodes command but are only able to view the nodes from the prod-environment. What commands should you execute to verify the node status for the dev-environment?;1. gcloud container clusters get-credentials dev-environment 2. kubectl get nodes;1. gcloud container clusters update -generate-password dev-environment 2. kubectl get nodes;1. kubectl config set-context dev-environment 2. kubectl cluster-info;1. kubectl config set-credentials dev-environment 2. kubectl cluster-info
Your team at ByteDome, a fast-growing app development company specializing in personalized game experiences, has noticed that developers frequently use multiple service account keys in their projects. To improve security and standardize practices, you need to implement a temporary solution while working on a long-term fix. Your requirements are mentioned below. You aim to implement a Google-recommended approach that is cost-effective and adheres to these requirements. What should you do?;- Enforce an organization policy constraint that limits the lifetime of service account keys to 24 hours. - Additionally, enforce an organization policy constraint that denies service account key creation, with an exception for game-sa-hub.;- Implement a Cloud Run job to periodically rotate all service account keys in game-sa-hub. - Enforce an organization policy to deny service account key creation, with an exception for game-sa-hub.;- Set up a Kubernetes CronJob to periodically rotate all service account keys. - Disable the ability to attach service accounts to resources across all projects, except for game-sa-hub.;- Enforce an organization policy constraint that denies the lifetime of service account keys beyond 24 hours. - Disable the attachment of service accounts to resources in all projects except for game-sa-hub.
Your startup, DevWorks, is transitioning its app deployment process to run on Compute Engine instances. The CI/CD pipeline will now manage your cloud infrastructure entirely through infrastructure-as-code. How can you make sure the pipeline has the correct permissions while following security best practices?;- Create multiple service accounts, one for each pipeline, with the appropriate minimal IAM permissions. - Use a secret management service to store the key files of these service accounts. - Allow the CI/CD pipeline to request the necessary secrets during execution.;- Attach a single service account to the Compute Engine instances. - Allow the service account to impersonate a Cloud Identity user with elevated permissions to create, update, or delete resources.;- Add a manual approval step in the CI/CD pipeline before provisioning infrastructure. - Use the approval IAM account for provisioning.;- Attach a single service account to the Compute Engine instances. - Grant the service account all required Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions to create, update, or delete resources.
You manage a video streaming platform called StreamSphere that receives SSL-encrypted TCP traffic on port 443. Users from various regions across the globe connect to the platform. To ensure a seamless streaming experience, you want to minimize latency for these users. Which load-balancing solution would be the best choice?;SSL Proxy Load Balancer;HTTPS Load Balancer;Network Load Balancer;- Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancer. - Add a firewall rule allowing ingress traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 on the target instances.