Your team at CoderGen, a startup focused on mobile app development, needs a new build automation server for their latest project. The team has decided to use Jenkins, and you are tasked with setting up the server with minimal effort. What approach should you take?;Use GCP Marketplace to launch a pre-configured Jenkins solution.;Download and deploy the Jenkins Java WAR to App Launch Standard.;Create a new Compute Engine instance and install Jenkins via the command line.;Set up a Kubernetes cluster on Compute Engine and create a deployment using the Jenkins Docker image.
ByteCrafters, a company that develops an e-commerce platform called ShopStream, needs to update the configuration of its infrastructure using Deployment Manager. They want to ensure that there is no downtime for any resources while performing the update. Which command should their DevOps team use to achieve this?;gcloud deployment-manager deployments update --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager deployments create --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager resources create --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager resources update --config <deployment-config-path>
A tech startup called TechSpire has developed a performance-monitoring app that needs to run on Google Cloud Platform. The app is a single binary application, and they want to automatically scale it based on the CPU usage of the underlying infrastructure. Due to their company policies, they are required to directly use virtual machines. TechSpire wants to ensure that the scaling process is operationally efficient and happens as quickly as possible. What should they do? (Note: Stackdriver is now called 'Google Cloud's Operation Suite');Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group with autoscaling configured.;Create a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster, and use horizontal pod autoscaling to scale the application.;Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group that scales up and down based on the time of day.;Use a set of third-party tools to build automation around scaling the application up and down, based on Stackdriver CPU usage monitoring.
You have a virtual Linux server for an online education platform that needs to connect to a Cloud SQL database. You have created a service account with the necessary permissions. Now, you need to ensure that this virtual machine uses the custom service account instead of the default one assigned by Compute Engine. What should you do?;When creating the VM via the web console specify the service account under the 'Identity and API Access' section.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - On the Project Metadata, add that JSON as the value for the key compute-engine-service-account.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - On the Custom Metadata of the VM, add that JSON as the value for the key compute-engine-service-account.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - After creating the VM, ssh into the VM and save the JSON under ~/.gcloud/compute-engine-service-account.json.
Imagine that you’re testing a new feature for a website called BookshelfHub, a platform that connects book lovers and independent bookstores. You’ve created an instance of SQL Server 2017 on Compute Engine to try out some database updates specific to the latest version. Now, you want to connect to this SQL Server instance on Compute Engine using the simplest and quickest setup. What should you do?;- Set a Windows username and password in the GCP Console. - Confirm that a firewall rule for port 3389 is in place. - Click the RDP button in the GCP Console to log in using those credentials.;- Install an RDP client on your desktop. - Verify that a firewall rule for port 3389 is set.;- Install an RDP client on your desktop. - Set a Windows username and password in the GCP Console. - Use those credentials to log in to the instance.;- Set a Windows password in the GCP Console. - Ensure there’s a firewall rule for port 22. - Click the RDP button in the GCP Console, providing the credentials to log in.
Your company, ByteFrame Solutions, has a dedicated project for storing container images in the Artifact Registry. In a separate project, you are setting up a new GKE cluster for a web application you're deploying. You need to ensure that the Kubernetes cluster can pull container images from the Artifact Registry in the other project. What steps should you take?;In the project where the container images are stored, assign the Artifact Registry Reader IAM role to the service account used by the Kubernetes nodes.;When creating the GKE cluster, select the Allow full access to all Cloud APIs option under 'Access scopes'.;Create a new service account and grant it access to Artifact Registry. Generate a JSON key for the service account and use it as an imagePullSecrets in Kubernetes.;Set the Artifact Registry permissions on each container image manually to provide read-only access to the default Compute Engine service account.
You are setting up a Windows virtual machine for ByteSpace, a fictional app that analyzes large datasets in the cloud. You want to ensure that your team can log in to the VM via Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP). What is the best approach?;After the VM has been created, use “gcloud compute reset-windows-password” to retrieve the login credentials for the VM.;After the VM has been created, use your Google Account credentials to log in to the VM.;When creating the VM, add metadata to the instance using 'windows-password' as the key and a password as the value.;After the VM has been created, download the JSON private key for the default Compute Engine service account. Use the credentials in the JSON file to log in to the VM.
A startup called RepliNet needs a scalable solution to automatically provision virtual machines (VMs) on Google Compute Engine. The configuration for these VMs, including specifications like CPU, memory, and storage, is stored in a separate configuration file. They want to use a method that aligns with Google's best practices. Which method should RepliNet use?;Deployment Manager;Cloud Composer;Managed Instance Group;Unmanaged Instance Group
You are developing a new version of a popular task management app called TaskMaster, hosted on App Engine. You want to roll out the new version to just 1% of users initially, allowing you to monitor its performance before fully switching over to this new version for all users. What approach should you take?;Deploy the new version of TaskMaster in App Engine, then go to App Engine settings in GCP Console and split the traffic between the current version and the new version.;Deploy the new version of TaskMaster in Google Kubernetes Engine instead of App Engine, then use GCP Console to split the traffic.;Deploy the new version in a Compute Engine instance instead of App Engine, then use GCP Console to split the traffic.;Deploy the new version as a separate app in App Engine. Then configure App Engine using GCP Console to split traffic between the two apps.
Your company, VideoStreamCo, manages a popular video-sharing platform where users upload their videos to a specific Cloud Storage Regional bucket. To optimize storage costs, you need to implement a policy that moves videos to Coldline storage after 90 days and deletes them after one year from their creation date. How should you configure this policy?;- Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management with Age conditions, setting the actions to SetStorageClass and Delete. - Configure the SetStorageClass action to 90 days and the Delete action to 365 days.;- Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management with Age conditions, setting the actions to SetStorageClass and Delete. - Configure the SetStorageClass action to move videos to Coldline after 90 days and the Delete action to remove them after 275 days (365 - 90).;Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 275 days (365-90).;Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 365 days.
You are a developer at a company called TechHive, and you've been assigned to deploy a newly built containerized application on Kubernetes Engine. The app has been containerized using a Dockerfile. What steps should you follow to ensure a successful deployment?;- Create a docker image from the Dockerfile and upload it to the Container Registry. - Create a Deployment YAML file to point to that image. Use kubectl to create the deployment with that file.;Use “kubectl app deploy <dockerfilename>”.;Use “gcloud app deploy <dockerfilename>”.;- Create a docker image from the Dockerfile and upload it to Cloud Storage. - Create a Deployment YAML file to point to that image. - Use kubectl to create the deployment with that file.
You've been hired by a new tech startup, SpaceyMedia, to manage their cloud infrastructure on Google Cloud. One of your tasks is to produce a list of all the enabled Google Cloud Platform APIs for their GCP project. The project name is spacey-media-app. You need to use the gcloud command line within Cloud Shell to get this information. How do you proceed?;Run “gcloud projects list” to get the project ID, and then run “gcloud services list --project <project ID>”.;Run “gcloud init” to set the current project to spacey-media-app, and then run “gcloud services list --available”.;Run “gcloud info” to view the account value, and then run “gcloud services list --account <Account>”.;Run “gcloud projects describe <project ID>” to verify the project value, and then run “gcloud services list --available”.
You are managing expenses for three different departments within your company’s online fitness platform. You need to create accurate cost estimates for various cloud services, broken down by service type, on a daily and monthly basis for the upcoming six months. The goal is to use standard query syntax for this analysis. What should you do?;Export your bill to a BigQuery dataset, and then write time window-based SQL queries for analysis.;Export your bill to a Cloud Storage bucket, and then import it into Cloud Bigtable for analysis.;Export your bill to a Cloud Storage bucket, and then import it into Google Sheets for analysis.;Export your transactions to a local file, and perform analysis with a desktop tool.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new social media platform called SnapChirp, which allows users to share short audio clips. The platform is hosted on Google Kubernetes Engine with autoscaling enabled to handle fluctuating user traffic. You now need to expose SnapChirp's frontend application to the public, using HTTPS on a public IP address. What steps should you take?;Create a Kubernetes Service of type NodePort for your application, and a Kubernetes Ingress to expose this Service via a Cloud Load Balancer.;Create a Kubernetes Service of type ClusterIP for your application. Configure the public DNS name of your application using the IP of this Service.;Create a Kubernetes Service of type NodePort to expose the application on port 443 of each node of the Kubernetes cluster. Configure the public DNS name of your application with the IP of every node of the cluster to achieve load-balancing.;- Create a HAProxy pod in the cluster to load-balance the traffic to all the pods of the application. - Forward the public traffic to HAProxy with an iptable rule. - Configure the DNS name of your application using the public IP of the node HAProxy is running on.
A startup called "EcoScan" is building an app that tracks and analyzes environmental data across multiple locations. They want to add a new team member, an auditor, who needs access to review all aspects of the project but should not have permission to make changes to any of the data or settings. How should EcoScan configure the auditor's permissions?;- Select the built-in IAM project Viewer role. - Add the auditor's account to this role.;- Create a custom role with view-only project permissions. - Add the auditor's account to the custom role.;- Create a custom role with view-only service permissions. - Add the auditor's account to the custom role.;- Select the built-in IAM service Viewer role. - Add the auditor's account to this role.
A popular social media app, PicFlare, is preparing for an increase in user traffic following the acquisition of another platform. To ensure their infrastructure can handle the surge, they need to create and deploy copies of their existing Compute Engine virtual machine (VM), which already has a custom image available, and to scale effectively. What should the team at PicFlare do?;- Create a custom Compute Engine image from a snapshot. - Create your instances from that image.;- Create a Compute Engine snapshot of the base VM. - Create your images from that snapshot.;- Create a Compute Engine snapshot of the base VM. - Create your instances from that snapshot.;- Create a custom Compute Engine image from a snapshot. - Create your images from that image.
Your company, TechStream Solutions, has deployed a custom web application called TaskFlow on a single Compute Engine instance. TaskFlow is designed to help users manage their daily tasks and project workflows. The application writes detailed logs to the local disk for tracking errors and system activities. Recently, users have started reporting issues when trying to submit tasks through the platform. You need to investigate and diagnose the cause of these errors to resolve the problem. What should you do?;Install and configure the Cloud Logging Agent and view the logs from Cloud Logging.;Navigate to Cloud Logging and view the application logs.;Connect to the instance's serial console and read the application logs.;Configure a Health Check on the instance and set a Low Healthy Threshold value.
A food delivery service called MealMetrics generates daily order reports on a Compute Engine virtual machine (VM). This VM resides in the project mealmetrics-reports. Your team works solely within the project mealmetrics-central-data and needs access to these daily reports, which are stored in the bucket mealmetrics-central-bucket. You want to configure the system so that the reports generated by the VM are automatically available in the bucket mealmetrics-central-bucket while using as few steps as possible and following Google-recommended best practices. What should you do?;Grant the VM Service Account the role Storage Object Creator on mealmetrics-central-bucket.;Move both projects under the same folder.;- Create a Shared VPC network between both projects. - Grant the VM Service Account the role Storage Object Creator on mealmetrics-reports.;- Make mealmetrics-central-bucket public and create a folder with a pseudo-randomized suffix name. - Share the folder with the Reports team.
You are responsible for connecting two different teams within your organization that manage two distinct applications. Each application is running on its own group of Compute Engine instances across two separate GCP projects. Each group of instances resides in its own VPC, and now these instances need to communicate with each other. What should you do?;- Verify that both projects are part of a GCP Organization. - Share the VPC from one project and allow the Compute Engine instances in the other project to use this shared VPC.;- Verify that both projects are part of a GCP Organization. - Create a new VPC and add all instances.;- Verify that you are the Project Administrator of both projects. - Create two new VPCs and add all instances.;- Verify that you are the Project Administrator of both projects. - Create a new VPC and add all instances.
You are tasked with providing a cost estimate for a cloud-based logistics tracking system that runs on a Kubernetes cluster using the GCP pricing calculator. The system handles real-time data processing and requires high IOPs, along with the need for disk snapshots for backups. You begin by entering the number of nodes, the average hours of operation per day, and the number of active days per month. What should you do next?;- Fill in local SSD. - Fill in persistent disk storage and snapshot storage.;- Fill in local SSD. - Add estimated cost for cluster management.;- Select Add GPUs. - Fill in persistent disk storage and snapshot storage.;- Select Add GPUs. - Add estimated cost for cluster management.
You are part of a team at a new travel app startup that helps users book eco-friendly travel options. Your team is testing out different Kubernetes YAML configurations for one of the microservices in the app. You've run the below command. It was noticed that one of the pods is stuck in a PENDING state. You’ve been assigned to troubleshoot the issue. What should you do next?;Inspect the pending pod travelbooking-deployment-x2y3z4-lm89d and look for warning messages.;Inspect the travelbooking-service Service object and look for error messages.;Inspect the travelbooking-deployment Deployment object and check for error messages.;View logs of the container in pending pod travelbooking-deployment-x2y3z4-lm89d and check for warning messages.
You are managing the infrastructure for an e-commerce website called ShopVerse, and you need to configure secure SSH access to a single Compute Engine instance for developers in the dev1 team. This particular instance hosts a microservice, and it is the only resource in this ShopVerse GCP project that the dev1 developers need to access. What should you do?;- Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. - Grant the dev1 team the compute.osLogin role. - Instruct them to use the Cloud Shell to SSH into the instance.;- Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. - Configure the service account to "no service account" for that instance. - Instruct them to use the Cloud Shell to SSH into the instance.;- Enable block project-wide SSH keys for the instance. - Generate an SSH key for each user in the dev1 team. - Distribute the keys and instruct the team to use their preferred third-party SSH tools to connect.;- Enable block project-wide SSH keys for the instance. - Generate a single SSH key and associate it with that instance. - Distribute the key to the dev1 team and instruct them to use their preferred third-party SSH tools to connect.
You need to launch a new virtual machine for a website called NoveltyExpress, but the project for this website hasn't been set up yet. What steps should you take?;Using the Cloud SDK, create a new project, enable the Compute Engine API in that project, and then create the instance specifying your new project.;Enable the Compute Engine API in the Cloud Console, use the Cloud SDK to create the instance, and then use the --project flag to specify a new project.;- Using the Cloud SDK, create the new instance, and use the --project flag to specify the new project. - Answer yes when prompted by Cloud SDK to enable the Compute Engine API.;- Enable the Compute Engine API in the Cloud Console. - Go to the Compute Engine section of the Console to create a new instance, and look for the Create In A New Project option in the creation form.
A startup called SparkThreads runs a complex data processing task on an on-premises server that takes about 40 hours to complete. This task is performed monthly, can run without user interaction, and must restart if interrupted. SparkThreads wants to move this workload to the cloud while keeping costs as low as possible. What approach should they take?;- Migrate the workload to a Compute Engine VM. - Start and stop the instance as needed.;Migrate the workload to a Compute Engine Preemptible VM.;Migrate the workload to a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster with Preemptible nodes.;- Create an Instance Template with Preemptible VMs ON. - Create a Managed Instance Group from the template and adjust Target CPU Utilization. - Migrate the workload.
Your company runs a platform that rents out specialized drones to agricultural businesses for monitoring crop health and irrigation needs. Each drone is equipped with multiple sensors that transmit event data every few seconds. The data includes information such as flight status, distance covered, battery level, and camera feeds. Customers are charged based on the metrics collected by these sensors. You anticipate high throughput, with thousands of events being generated every hour by each drone. You need to retrieve consistent data based on the event's timestamp, and each signal update should be atomic. How should you handle this?;Ingest the data into Cloud Bigtable and create a row key based on the event's timestamp.;Create a file in Cloud Storage for each drone and append new data to the file.;Create a file in Cloud Filestore for each drone and append new data to the file.;Ingest the data into Datastore and store it in an entity group organized by the drone.
You work for a growing e-commerce platform, "ShopZen," which uses BigQuery to analyze customer behavior and sales trends. You are about to run an important query to understand customer purchase patterns, but you expect the query to return a large number of records. Since ShopZen is using on-demand pricing, you want to figure out how much running the query will cost. What should you do?;- Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes read. - Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.;- Arrange to switch to Flat-Rate pricing for this query. - Then move back to on-demand.;- Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes returned. - Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.;- Run a “select count (*)” to get an idea of how many records your query will look through. - Then convert that number of rows to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.
A company called "QuickFoodz" has developed a food delivery application that is packaged into a Docker image. They want to deploy this Docker image as a workload on Google Kubernetes Engine. What steps should they take?;Upload the image to the Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.;Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;Upload the image to the Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.
Techventure Corp, a startup developing a new social networking app, has asked you to set up the billing configuration for their newly adopted Google Cloud environment. They want to ensure that resources with similar access and permission settings can be easily managed together. How should you approach this?;Use folders to group resources that share common IAM policies.;Use labels to group resources that share common IAM policies.;Set up a proper billing account structure to group IAM policies.;Set up a proper project naming structure to group IAM policies.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new application called "Taskify" which helps users organize their daily to-do lists. You've deployed several Linux-based virtual machines on Compute Engine to run backend services for Taskify. Over the next few weeks, you plan to expand and add more instances. You need to ensure that you can connect to all these instances securely via SSH from your local machine, but without exposing public IP addresses for any of the Compute Engine instances. What should you do?;Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for SSH and TCP resources;Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for HTTPS resources;Create an SSH keypair and store the public key as a project-wide SSH Key.;Create an SSH keypair and store the private key as a project-wide SSH Key.
The fictional company “StellarWeb Solutions” has three projects: Apollo, Luna, and Nova. They need to set up monitoring for application performance on these projects as a unified view. The team wants to track metrics such as CPU, memory, and disk usage across all three projects. What is the best course of action?;Enable the API, create a workspace under Apollo, and add Luna and Nova projects to it.;Enable the necessary API and then share individual charts from Apollo, Luna, and Nova.;Enable the API and grant the metrics.reader role to the Apollo, Luna, and Nova projects.;Enable the API and use default dashboards to monitor each project in sequence.
You are managing a group of services in a Kubernetes Engine cluster for a fictional mobile app called PixelMagic. One of the services is responsible for processing high-resolution images for users, which requires a large amount of CPU but not as much memory. The other services handle routine tasks such as account management and notifications and are optimized for n1-standard machine types. You want to make sure all of these services are using resources efficiently to keep your infrastructure costs down while maintaining performance. What should you do?;- Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the image processing service. - Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the other services.;Assign the pods of the image processing service a higher pod priority than the other services.;- Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the image processing service. - Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the other services.;- Configure the required amount of CPU and memory in the resource requests specification of the image processing service deployment. - Keep the resource requests for the other services at the default.
A growing tech startup, WebTech Solutions, has developed a cloud-based collaboration app called CollabHub. The team has decided to create a secure and reliable Virtual Private Network (VPN) connection between their new Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and an external data center. Key considerations include using dynamic routing, working with an IP address range of 10.108.0.1/22, and ensuring that no extra tunnels are set up during failover. The company wants to follow Google's best practices to ensure high availability for the Cloud VPN. What steps should they take?;- Use a custom mode VPC network - Use Cloud Router border gateway protocol (BGP) routes - Use active/passive routing.;- Use a custom mode VPC network - Configure static routes - Use active/passive routing.;- Use an automatic mode VPC network - Configure static routes - Use active/active routing.;- Use an automatic mode VPC network - Use Cloud Router border gateway protocol (BGP) routes - Configure policy-based routing.
You have developed a new mobile app called EcoShop, which integrates with several Google Cloud services. The app works seamlessly on your local development environment using Application Default Credentials for authentication. Now, you plan to move EcoShop to a Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) and want to configure authentication using Google-recommended practices while making minimal changes. What should you do?;Assign appropriate access for Google services to the service account used by the Compute Engine VM.;- Create a service account with appropriate access for Google services - Configure the application to use this account.;- Store credentials for service accounts with appropriate access for Google services in a config file - Deploy this config file with your application.;- Store credentials for your user account with appropriate access for Google services in a config file - Deploy this config file with your application.
You are managing a dashboard for a fictional online marketplace app, "ShopSmart", that uses Data Studio to visualize sales data from a data warehouse built on top of BigQuery. Throughout the day, new transactions are appended to the data warehouse, and at night, the summary table of daily sales is recalculated and overwritten. You recently noticed that the sales charts on your dashboard have stopped displaying properly, and you need to investigate the issue. What should you do?;Use the BigQuery interface to review the nightly job and look for any errors.;Review the Error Reporting page in the Cloud Console to find any errors.;Use Cloud Debugger to find out why the data was not refreshed correctly.;In Cloud Logging, create a filter for your Data Studio report.
You are developing a global e-learning platform that tracks user progress and stores course completion data in a database. As the platform grows in popularity, you're concerned about ensuring consistent performance. You need to provide an optimal learning experience for users worldwide while keeping management tasks simple. What should you do?;Use Cloud Spanner to store user data associated with their course completion progress.;Use Cloud SQL with cross-region replication to store course completion data in the EU, US, and APAC regions.;Use BigQuery to store course completion data with a Redis on Memorystore instance in front to ensure global consistency.;Store course completion data in a Bigtable database partitioned by user ID.
You've set up the CloudCLI tool for managing the infrastructure of a new e-commerce platform, ByteMart, and you’ve also configured a proxy for secure communication. However, you’re concerned that your proxy credentials might be logged in the CLI tool’s logs, and you want to ensure that sensitive information remains secure. How can you prevent your proxy credentials from being logged?;Set the CLOUDSDK_PROXY_USERNAME and CLOUDSDK_PROXY_PASSWORD properties using environment variables in your system's command line tool.;Configure username and password by using the “gcloud config set proxy/username” and “gcloud config set proxy/password” commands.;Encode your username and password using sha256, save them in a text file, and set that file as a value in the “gcloud config set core/custom_ca_certs_file command”.;Provide values for CLOUDSDK_PROXY_USERNAME and CLOUDSDK_PROXY_PASSWORD directly in the gcloud CLI configuration file.
Your company has built an online food delivery platform called "QuickEats" which runs on Google Kubernetes Engine. Some microservices, like recommendation engines, can tolerate downtime, while others, such as order processing, must remain available at all times. You are tasked with configuring a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster in a cost-efficient way. What should you do?;- Create a cluster with both a Spot VM node pool and a node pool using standard VMs. - Deploy the critical deployments on the node pool using standard VMs and the fault-tolerant deployments on the Spot VM node pool.;- Create a cluster with a single node pool using standard VMs. - Label the fault-tolerant Deployments as spot_true.;- Create a cluster with a single node pool using Spot VMs. - Label the critical Deployments as spot_false.;- Create a cluster with both a Spot VM node pool and a node pool using standard VMs. - Deploy the critical deployments on the Spot VM node pool and the fault-tolerant deployments on the node pool using standard VMs.
You are managing a popular e-learning platform called LearnMate. You want to deploy a new version of the platform’s backend using serverless technology in Google Cloud. However, before fully rolling it out, you want to test this new version with a small percentage of your production users to ensure it functions as expected. What should you do?;- Deploy the application to Cloud Run. - Use gradual rollouts for traffic splitting.;- Deploy the application to Google Kubernetes Engine. - Use Anthos Service Mesh for traffic splitting.;- Deploy the application to Cloud Functions. - Specify the version number in the function’s name.;- Deploy the application to App Engine. - For each new version, create a new service.
Your company, EverGlow Apps, has a critical online marketplace application running on a specific Compute Engine instance within your Google Cloud project. As part of EverGlow Apps' security vulnerability management policy, a security team member needs to have visibility into potential vulnerabilities and other OS metadata for this instance. You need to ensure that the policy is correctly implemented to maintain the security of the application. What steps should you take?;- Ensure that the OS Config agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Provide the security team member roles/osconfig.vulnerabilityReportViewer permission.;- Ensure that the Ops Agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Create a custom metric in the Cloud Monitoring dashboard. - Provide the security team member with access to this dashboard.;- Ensure that the Ops Agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Provide the security team member roles/osconfig.inventoryViewer permission.;- Ensure that the OS Config agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Create a log sink to a BigQuery dataset. - Provide the security team member with access to this dataset.
You are working for a fictional e-commerce platform called "ShopEase" that provides a seamless shopping experience to customers worldwide. Your development team is preparing to deploy new features to an existing Cloud Run service that powers the platform's product recommendation engine. To reduce risks associated with the deployment of a new revision, you want to minimize the number of customers affected by potential outages, while ensuring there are no additional costs for your customers. You also want to adhere to Google-recommended practices for managing service revisions. What should you do?;Gradually roll out the new revision and split customer traffic between the revisions to allow rollback in case a problem occurs.;Ask your customers to retry accessing the recommendation engine with exponential backoff to mitigate any potential issues after the new revision is deployed.;Send all customer traffic to the new revision and roll back to a previous revision if issues arise in production.;Deploy your recommendation engine to a second Cloud Run service and ask your customers to use the second service.
You are developing a fitness tracking app called FitPulse, which stores relational data from users such as workout sessions, health stats, and personal profiles. Users from all over the world will be using this app, but the potential size of the user base is unpredictable. The CTO is concerned about the app’s ability to scale efficiently without requiring significant configuration updates as more users join. You need to choose a database solution that can grow seamlessly with your app’s increasing user base. Which storage solution would be the most appropriate?;Cloud Spanner;Cloud SQL;Firestore;Bigtable
A company called BrightTech has deployed a web application on a Compute Engine instance. An external contractor needs access to the Linux-based instance to perform maintenance tasks. The contractor is connected to BrightTech's corporate network through a VPN, but they do not have a Google account. What should you do?;- Instruct the external contractor to generate an SSH key pair, and request the public key from the contractor. - Add the public key to the instance yourself, and have the contractor access the instance through SSH with their private key.;Instruct the external contractor to use the “gcloud compute ssh” command line tool by using Identity-Aware Proxy to access the instance.;Instruct the external contractor to use the “gcloud compute ssh” command line tool by using the public IP address of the instance to access it.;- Instruct the external contractor to generate an SSH key pair, and request the private key from the contractor. - Add the private key to the instance yourself, and have the contractor access the instance through SSH with their public key.
After a recent breach of its mobile shopping platform, your fictional company, SnapShop, is seeking better visibility into activity within its Google Cloud environment. Specifically, they want to monitor any unexpected changes to firewall rules and the creation of new virtual machines. SnapShop favors straightforward and uncomplicated solutions. What should you do?;- Use Cloud Logging filters to create log-based metrics for firewall and instance actions. - Monitor the changes and set up reasonable alerts.;- Create a log sink to forward Cloud Audit Logs filtered for firewalls and compute instances to Cloud Storage. - Use BigQuery to periodically analyze log events in the storage bucket.;- Install Kibana on a compute instance. - Create a log sink to forward Cloud Audit Logs filtered for firewalls and compute instances to Pub/Sub. - Target the Pub/Sub topic to push messages to the Kibana instance. - Analyze the logs on Kibana in real-time.;Turn on Google Cloud firewall rules logging, and set up alerts for any insert, update, or delete events.
Your company, FinTechGuru, has developed a financial data processing application running on a managed instance group in Compute Engine. This application handles TCP traffic on port 389 and needs to ensure that the original IP address of clients sending requests is preserved. You plan to make this application accessible to the internet through a load balancer. What should you do?;Expose the application by using an external TCP Network Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using a TCP Proxy Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using an SSL Proxy Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using an internal TCP Network Load Balancer.
You are setting up service accounts for a new mobile app called "QuickServe" that spans across multiple projects. Virtual machines (VMs) operating within the "QuickServe-frontend" project need access to BigQuery datasets stored in the "QuickServe-database" project. To adhere to Google-recommended best practices, how should you configure access for the service account in the "QuickServe-frontend" project?;Grant roles/bigquery.dataViewer role to QuickServe-database and appropriate roles to QuickServe-frontend.;Grant "project owner" for QuickServe-frontend the necessary roles in QuickServe-database.;Grant "project owner" role to both the QuickServe-database and QuickServe-frontend projects.;Grant "project owner" role to QuickServe-database and assign roles/bigquery.dataViewer role to QuickServe-frontend.
Your startup, "DataStream Analytics," operates a data processing platform on a single Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network within a single subnetwork that has a range of 10.18.20.128/25. The subnetwork has no available private IP addresses. You need to add new virtual machines (VMs) that will be able to communicate with your existing platform’s cluster while using the minimum number of steps. What should you do?;Modify the existing subnet range to 10.18.20.0/24.;Create a new Secondary IP Range in the VPC and configure the VMs to use that range.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs. - Enable VPC Peering between the VMs' VPC network and the platform’s cluster VPC network.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs with a subnet of 10.18.21.0/24. - Enable VPC network Peering between the platform’s VPC network and the VMs' VPC network. - Configure a custom Route exchange.
You have developed a fitness tracking app called FitPulse, and you manage the backend using Google Cloud's Compute Engine. Most of the virtual machines supporting FitPulse are hosted in the europe-west1-d zone. You've installed and authenticated the gcloud CLI to manage these instances, but you'd like to avoid manually specifying the zone every time you run a command to manage your VMs. What should you do?;Set the europe-west1-d zone as the default zone using the gcloud config subcommand.;In the Settings page for Compute Engine under Default location, set the zone to europe-west1-d.;In the CLI installation directory, create a file called default.conf containing zone=europe-west1-d.;Create a Metadata entry on the Compute Engine page with key compute/zone and value europe-west1-d.
You are developing a new social media platform for food enthusiasts called "TasteShare." You are looking for a Jenkins installation to build and deploy your platform's code. To streamline this process, you want to automate the Jenkins installation as quickly and easily as possible. What should you do?;Deploy Jenkins through the Google Cloud Marketplace.;- Create a new Compute Engine instance. - Run the Jenkins executable.;- Create a new Kubernetes Engine cluster. - Create a deployment for the Jenkins image.;- Create an instance template with the Jenkins executable. - Create a managed instance group with this template.
Your company, SwiftMedia Solutions, operates several different apps on Google Cloud across various departments. The Marketing department has launched a new app called AdWave, and you need to ensure that the Marketing team is billed only for the Google Cloud services they use for this app. What should you do?;1. Verify that you are assigned the Billing Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud Project related to the Marketing department. 2. Link the new project for AdWave to a Marketing Billing Account.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Billing Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project specifically for AdWave. 3. Set the default key-value project labels to department:marketing for all services in this project.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Organization Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project for AdWave. 3. Link the new project to a Marketing Billing Account.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Organization Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project for AdWave. 3. Set the default key-value project labels to department:marketing for all services in this project.
You are building a backend service for a ride-sharing app that will store trip and fare data from mobile and web users. Once the app is launched, you anticipate a high volume of rides and transactions worldwide. Your analytics team needs to run SQL queries to gain insights from this data. You need to implement a data store that is highly available and scalable to meet these demands. What should you do?;Create a multi-region Cloud Spanner instance with an optimized schema.;Create a multi-region Firestore database with aggregation query enabled.;Create a multi-region Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL database with optimized indexes.;Create a multi-region BigQuery dataset with optimized tables.