Your company, SnapRide, operates a ride-hailing app that runs on servers in its own data center. The app needs to access important data stored in Cloud Storage. However, SnapRide's security policies prohibit public IP addresses and restrict internet access for the servers hosting the app. You want to follow Google’s recommended best practices to securely provide the app with access to Cloud Storage. What should you do?;1. Establish a VPN or Interconnect tunnel to a VPC in Google Cloud. 2. Use Cloud Router to advertise the custom route 199.36.153.4/30. 3. Configure your on-premises DNS server to resolve *.googleapis.com as a CNAME pointing to restricted.googleapis.com, and announce the network via the VPN tunnel.;1. Use nslookup to retrieve the IP address of storage.googleapis.com. 2. Negotiate with the security team to assign a public IP to the servers. 3. Restrict egress traffic from the servers to only the IP addresses for storage.googleapis.com.;1. Set up a VPN tunnel using Cloud VPN to connect your data center with a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in Google Cloud. 2. Deploy a Compute Engine instance in this VPC and install a Squid proxy on it. 3. Configure your data center servers to use this proxy instance to access Cloud Storage.;1. Use Migrate for Compute Engine (formerly Velostrata) to migrate your servers from your data center to Compute Engine. 2. Create an internal load balancer (ILB) in Google Cloud that points to storage.googleapis.com. 3. Configure the new instances to access Cloud Storage through this ILB.
Your company, TechFlow Solutions, has a web application that relies on Google Cloud's infrastructure. The operations team is responsible for managing and maintaining a large number of Compute Engine instances that power this application. Each operations team member needs administrative access to these instances, while the security team wants to ensure that credentials are managed efficiently and that access to the instances can be tracked to individual team members. What should you do to meet these requirements?;- Have each team member generate an SSH key pair and add the public key to their Google account. - Grant the "compute.osAdminLogin" role to the Google group corresponding to the operations team.;- Generate a new SSH key pair and provide the private key to each team member. - Configure the public key in the metadata of each instance.;- Instruct each team member to generate their own SSH key pair and send you their public key. - Use a configuration management tool to deploy these public keys to each instance.;- Generate a new SSH key pair and share the private key with all team members. - Set up the public key as a project-wide public SSH key in your Cloud project, allowing project-wide SSH keys on all instances.
Several team members at your company, Snackify, have been developing new projects on the Cloud Platform and using their personal credit cards to cover costs, which the company then reimburses. The company now wants to streamline billing by consolidating all projects under a single billing account. What should you do?;In the Google Cloud Platform Console, create a new billing account and set up a payment method.;Contact cloud-billing@google.com with your bank account details and request a corporate billing account for Snackify.;Create a ticket with Google Support and wait for their call to share your credit card details over the phone.;In the Google Cloud Console, go to the Resource Manager and move all projects to the root Organization.
GreenWorks, a new startup, is launching an eco-friendly marketplace app that must serve a large number of users quickly. To ensure minimal latency for their site, they want to set up a single HTTP reverse proxy with caching capabilities. The reverse proxy will use almost no CPU, but they require 30 GB of in-memory cache, with an additional 2 GB of memory for other processes. They are also looking to keep costs as low as possible. How should they set up this reverse proxy on Google Cloud Platform?;Run it on Compute Engine, and choose a custom instance type with 6 vCPUs and 32 GB of memory.;Create a Cloud Memorystore for Redis instance with 32-GB capacity.;Package it in a container image, and run it on Kubernetes Engine, using n1-standard-32 instances as nodes.;Run it on Compute Engine, choose the instance type n1-standard-1, and add an SSD persistent disk of 32 GB.
Imagine you are managing multiple environments for a new ride-sharing app called QuickRide, where each environment has its own Kubernetes Engine cluster setup. You need to check the Kubernetes cluster configuration of one of the inactive environments with minimal steps. What should you do?;Use “kubectl config use-context” and “kubectl config view” to review the output.;Use “gcloud config configurations” describe to review the output.;Use “gcloud config configurations activate” and “gcloud config list” to review the output.;Use “kubectl config get-contexts” to review the output.
Your company, an online education platform named Learnly, has an existing GCP organization with hundreds of projects and a billing account. Recently, Learnly acquired a virtual tutoring startup, TutorVerse, which also has hundreds of projects and its own billing account. To streamline operations, you would like to consolidate all GCP costs from both organizations onto a single invoice. You want to achieve this consolidation as of tomorrow. What should you do?;Link TutorVerse's projects to Learnly's billing account.;Configure TutorVerse's billing account and Learnly's billing account to export billing data into the same BigQuery dataset.;- Migrate TutorVerse's projects into Learnly's GCP organization. - Link the migrated projects to Learnly's billing account.;- Create a new GCP organization and a new billing account. - Migrate both Learnly's and TutorVerse's projects into the new GCP organization and link the projects to the new billing account.
Your company, SnapDojo runs a social media platform where users can upload images. These images need to be processed by converting them to an internal optimized binary format and stored afterward. You want to choose the most efficient and cost-effective approach for handling this task. What should you do?;- Upload images to a Cloud Storage bucket and monitor the bucket for new uploads. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them back in a Cloud Storage bucket.;- Upload images to Cloud Bigtable and monitor Bigtable for new entries. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them in Bigtable.;- Upload images to Firestore and monitor Firestore for new entries. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them in Firestore.;- Upload images to Filestore and monitor Filestore for changes. - Trigger a Cloud Function to convert the images and store them in Filestore.
You are working on a new ride-sharing app called SwiftRides. You have already set up a development project with appropriate IAM roles for your development team. Now, you're launching the production version of the app and need to apply the same IAM roles to your production project with the fewest possible steps. What should you do?;Use “gcloud iam roles copy” and specify the production project as the destination project.;Use “gcloud iam roles copy” and specify your organization as the destination organization.;In the Google Cloud Platform Console, use the 'create role from role' functionality.;In the Google Cloud Platform Console, use the 'create role' functionality and select all applicable permissions.
NovaTech Solutions is planning to launch a new web application, and they need to create a custom VPC with a single subnet. The application’s subnet should have the largest possible IP address range to accommodate future scaling. Which range should they choose for the subnet?;10.0.0.0/8;1.1.1.10/32;192.16.0.0/12;192.168.0.0/16
You are working at ByteShift, a company that provides a ride-sharing app called RideRunner. You are tasked with deploying a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster to handle the app’s back-end services. As part of this deployment, you also need to ensure that a DaemonSet runs in the kube-system namespace of the GKE cluster to monitor the nodes. You want to accomplish this in the simplest way possible using the fewest services. What should you do?;Add the cluster's API as a new Type Provider in Deployment Manager, and use the new type to create the DaemonSet.;Use the Deployment Manager Runtime Configurator to create a new Config resource that contains the DaemonSet definition.;With Deployment Manager, create a Compute Engine instance with a startup script that uses kubectl to create the DaemonSet.;In the cluster's definition in Deployment Manager, add a metadata that has kube-system as key and the DaemonSet manifest as value.
VegaTech, a startup that creates personalized stargazing apps, is looking to deploy its new web application. The app, packaged in a container image, provides a virtual telescope through an HTTP endpoint but currently receives very few daily users. They want to deploy the app in a cost-efficient manner. What should they do?;Deploy the container on Cloud Run.;Deploy the container on Cloud Run on GKE.;Deploy the container on App Engine Flexible.;Deploy the container on GKE with cluster autoscaling and horizontal pod autoscaling enabled.
Your company, StellarApps, runs a distributed mobile application that relies on multiple backend services deployed on Compute Engine instances. For performance and security analysis, you need to collect and send all the logs from these instances to a BigQuery dataset called app-logs for further analysis. You've already ensured that the Cloud Logging agent is installed on all the instances. Since cost efficiency is a priority, you're looking for the best approach to achieve this. What should you do?;In Cloud Logging, create a filter to display only Compute Engine logs. Click Create Export. Select BigQuery as the Sink Service and the app-logs dataset as the Sink Destination.;Assign the BigQuery Data Editor role on the app-logs dataset to the service accounts used by your Compute Engine instances. Update your instances' metadata to include the following value: logs-destination: bq://app-logs.;In Cloud Logging, create a logs export with a Cloud Pub/Sub topic called app-logs as a sink. Develop a Cloud Function triggered by messages in the app-logs topic. Configure this Cloud Function to filter out non-Compute Engine logs and insert the Compute Engine logs into the app-logs dataset.;Develop a Cloud Function that has the BigQuery User role on the app-logs dataset. Configure the Cloud Function to create a BigQuery job that runs the following query: INSERT INTO dataset.app-logs (timestamp, log) SELECT timestamp, log FROM compute.logs WHERE timestamp > DATE_SUB(CURRENT_DATE(), INTERVAL 1 DAY). Use Cloud Scheduler to trigger this Cloud Function daily.
Your organization runs a social media platform that needs to store user activity log files for 3 years. Your platform manages hundreds of Google Cloud projects. You need to implement a cost-effective solution for retaining these log files. What should you do?;Create an export to the sink that saves logs from Cloud Audit to a Coldline Storage bucket.;Create an export to the sink that saves logs from Cloud Audit to BigQuery.;Write a custom script that uses logging API to copy the logs from Stackdriver logs to BigQuery.;Export these logs to Cloud Pub/Sub and write a Cloud Dataflow pipeline to store logs to Cloud SQL.
Your organization, TrendyTech Solutions, runs an app that stores critical data backups for disaster recovery on Google Cloud Storage. To ensure you adhere to Google's best practices, which storage class should you select for long-term backup retention?;Coldline Storage;Multi-Regional Storage;Regional Storage;Nearline Storage
You are managing a new microservices-based application for a social media platform called SnapWave, which allows users to upload and share audio clips. You want to deploy a service on Cloud Run that processes user activity messages from a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. You aim to follow Google's recommended best practices. What should you do?;Create a service account. Give the Cloud Run Invoker role to that service account for your SnapWave application. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription that uses that service account and uses your SnapWave application as the push endpoint.;Create a Cloud Function that uses a Cloud Pub/Sub trigger on that topic. Call your SnapWave application on Cloud Run from the Cloud Function for every message.;Grant the Pub/Sub Subscriber role to the service account used by Cloud Run. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription for that topic. Make your SnapWave application pull messages from that subscription.;Deploy your SnapWave application on Cloud Run on GKE with the connectivity set to Internal. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription for that topic. In the same Google Kubernetes Engine cluster as your application, deploy a container that takes the messages and sends them to your application.
A startup called "Artify" is developing an AI-driven digital art platform that requires a licensing server for its proprietary image rendering software. This software is configured to look for its licensing server at the IP address 10.194.3.41. Artify wants to deploy this licensing server on Google Compute Engine but does not want to modify the existing software configuration. How can they ensure that the application continues to reach the licensing server at the specified IP?;Reserve the IP 10.194.3.41 as a static internal IP address using gcloud and assign it to the licensing server.;Reserve the IP 10.194.3.41 as a static public IP address using gcloud and assign it to the licensing server.;Use the IP 10.194.3.41 as a custom ephemeral IP address and assign it to the licensing server.;Start the licensing server with an automatic ephemeral IP address, and then promote it to a static internal IP address.
Your company, ByteDrop, hosts large media files on a public platform using an Apache web server that runs on a Compute Engine instance. However, the Apache web server is just one of many applications running in the ByteDrop infrastructure. The team wants to receive an email notification when the egress network costs for the Apache server exceed $100 for the current month, as reported by Google Cloud. What should you do?;- Export the billing data to BigQuery. - Create a Cloud Function that uses BigQuery to sum the egress network costs of the exported billing data for the Apache web server for the current month and send an email if it is over 100 dollars. - Schedule the Cloud Function using Cloud Scheduler to run hourly.;Set up a budget alert on the project with an amount of 100 dollars, a threshold of 100%, and a notification type of email.;Set up a budget alert on the billing account with an amount of 100 dollars, a threshold of 100%, and a notification type of email.;- Use the Cloud Logging Agent to export the Apache web server logs to Cloud Logging. - Create a Cloud Function that uses BigQuery to parse the HTTP response log data in Cloud Logging for the current month and sends an email if the size of all HTTP responses, multiplied by current Google Cloud egress prices, totals over 100 dollars. - Schedule the Cloud Function using Cloud Scheduler to run hourly.
You are tasked with setting up autohealing for the backend systems of a popular multi-regional e-commerce website, ShopEase, that operates on multiple Compute Engine instances. The goal is to ensure that if any backend server becomes unresponsive, it is automatically re-created after failing 2 consecutive health checks, each with a 8-second interval. You want to achieve this with the minimum number of steps. What should you do?;Create a managed instance group. Set the Autohealing health check to healthy (HTTP);Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an existing instance group. Set the health check to healthy (HTTP);Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an existing instance group. Define a balancing mode and set the maximum RPS to 8.;Create a managed instance group. Verify that the autoscaling setting is on.
Your startup, TechFuze, has developed a new social media platform that consists of multiple microservices. You are planning to deploy this platform to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and want to ensure that the GKE cluster can scale automatically as more features and microservices are added in the future. To minimize manual configuration each time a new feature is deployed, what should you do?;- Create a GKE cluster with autoscaling enabled on the node pool. - Set a minimum and maximum for the size of the node pool.;Deploy the platform on GKE, and add a HorizontalPodAutoscaler to the deployment.;Deploy the platform on GKE, and add a VerticalPodAutoscaler to the deployment.;- Create a separate node pool for each microservice - Deploy each microservice to its dedicated node pool.
You are working for a startup called SkyStream, which has developed a new video-streaming app. You've been tasked with setting up infrastructure on Google Cloud using the gcloud command line interface (CLI). You've already created a new project and linked a billing account. Now, you need to create a Compute Engine instance using the CLI. What are the prerequisite steps you need to take?;Enable the compute googleapis.com API.;Create a Cloud Monitoring Workspace.;Create a VPC network in the project.;Grant yourself the IAM role of Compute Admin.
Imagine you are deploying a food delivery application called "QuickBites" to App Engine. The app experiences varying request rates throughout the day, and you want to ensure that it always has the capacity to handle sudden increases in traffic. To achieve this, you need to maintain at least 4 unoccupied instances ready at all times, while allowing the number of instances to scale according to the number of incoming requests. Which scaling type should you use?;Automatic Scaling with min_idle_instances set to 4.;Manual Scaling with 4 instances.;Basic Scaling with min_instances set to 4.;Basic Scaling with max_instances set to 4.
Your company, PixaShare, operates a photo-sharing application where users upload images that are stored on Cloud Storage using the Standard Storage class. The app only requires access to images uploaded within the last 30 days. You want to minimize costs by automatically managing older images that are no longer needed by the application in the near future. What should you do?;Create an object lifecycle on the storage bucket to change the storage class to Archive Storage for objects older than 30 days.;Create a cron job in Cloud Scheduler to call a Cloud Functions instance every day to delete images older than 30 days.;Create a retention policy on the storage bucket of 30 days, and lock the bucket by using a retention policy lock.;Enable object versioning on the storage bucket and add lifecycle rules to expire non-current versions after 30 days.
You are the lead developer for a new social networking app, “Chatville”, which allows users to share posts and comments. Your team needs to select a cost-effective solution for storing a small set of operational relational data, all hosted in a single geographic region. The solution must also support point-in-time recovery for user data in case of accidental deletions or changes. What should you do?;- Select Cloud SQL (MySQL). - Verify that the enable binary logging option is selected.;- Select Cloud SQL (MySQL). - Select the create failover replicas option.;- Select Cloud Spanner. - Set up your instance with 2 nodes.;- Select Cloud Spanner. - Set up your instance as multi-regional.
Your company, EasyRetail, is transitioning from a traditional data center to Google Cloud. The development teams use Cassandra environments as backend databases for different microservices. Each team requires an isolated development environment for testing, and you want to complete the migration quickly while minimizing support and operational overhead. What should you do?;1. Instruct your developers to visit the Cloud Marketplace. 2. Ask them to launch a pre-configured Cassandra image for their development needs.;1. Create a step-by-step guide on how to manually install Cassandra on Google Cloud. 2. Share this guide with your developers.;1. Set up a Cassandra instance on Compute Engine and take a snapshot. 2. Use the snapshot to create additional instances for the developers.;1. Create a Cassandra instance on Compute Engine and take a snapshot. 2. Upload this snapshot to Cloud Storage and share it with your developers. 3. Provide them with instructions on how to spin up their own instances using this snapshot.
The content management team has a project named Content Analytics Hub that has the ID zephyr-analytics-hub. You need to set up similar Google Cloud resources for the design team, but their resources must be organized independently of the content management team. What should you do?;Create another project with the ID zephyr-design-hub for the design team and deploy the resources there.;Grant the Project Editor role to the design team for zephyr-analytics-hub.;Create a Project Lien on zephyr-analytics-hub and then grant the Project Editor role to the design team.;Create a new project named Design Analytics Hub and use the ID zephyr-analytics-hub. Grant the Project Editor role to the design team.
Imagine you are managing a virtual machine for a startup called "BrightLight Media" that runs a popular video streaming service. This virtual machine is crucial for the service's performance. You want to ensure that you are notified if the server’s CPU usage exceeds 90% using Google Cloud tools for monitoring and alerting. What steps would you take to set this up?;Set up a Cloud Monitoring Workspace and link it to your Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project. Create a Cloud Monitoring Alerting Policy with a 90% CPU threshold. Add your email address to the notification channel.;Create a personal Gmail account. Write a custom script that monitors the CPU usage. When the CPU usage goes above 90%, the script sends an email using smtp.gmail.com on port 25.;Set up a Cloud Monitoring Workspace and link it to your GCP project. Develop a custom script that sends CPU usage as a custom metric to Cloud Monitoring. Create an uptime check for your virtual machine within Cloud Monitoring.;Use Cloud Logging to create a logs-based metric, extracting CPU usage data using the regular expression: CPU Usage: ([0-9] {1,3})%. In Cloud Monitoring, create an Alerting Policy based on this metric. Add your email address to the notification channel.
You are managing a restaurant review app hosted on Google Cloud that uses Cloud Spanner to store reviews and restaurant data. Your operations team is responsible for monitoring the app’s environment, but they should not be able to access any review or restaurant details in the database. You want to set up the right permissions for your operations team while following Google-recommended best practices. What should you do?;Add the operations team group to the roles/monitoring.viewer role;Add the operations team group to the roles/spanner.databaseUser role;Add the operations team group to the roles/spanner.databaseReader role;Add the operations team group to the roles/stackdriver.accounts.viewer role
Your company runs an online recipe-sharing platform, RecipeBox, which uses Cloud Spanner as the backend database. The platform experiences predictable traffic spikes during meal times. You want to ensure that the number of Spanner nodes automatically scales up or down based on user traffic. What should you do?;- Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to a webhook when Cloud Spanner CPU is above or below your threshold. - Set up a Cloud Function that listens for HTTP requests and resizes the Spanner resources automatically.;Create a cron job that runs on a scheduled basis to review Cloud Monitoring metrics, and then resize the Spanner instance accordingly.;- Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to on-call site reliability engineers (SRE) via email when Cloud Spanner CPU exceeds a threshold. - The SREs would manually adjust the resources up or down.;- Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to Google Cloud Support via email when Cloud Spanner CPU exceeds your threshold. - Google Cloud Support would handle the scaling adjustments.
VentureNow, a new tech startup, is onboarding a group of new employees to their cloud infrastructure. Some of the employees already have personal Google accounts that might overlap with their work email addresses. VentureNow wants to adhere to Google's best practices and avoid any potential account conflicts during the setup process. What should the team do?;Invite the employee to transfer their existing Google account.;Invite the employee to use an email alias to resolve the conflict.;Tell the employee they must delete their existing Google account.;Tell the employee to remove all personal emails from their existing Google account.
You manage a web application called DataVizPro that aggregates and visualizes data from BigQuery. The app is hosted on App Engine using the default App Engine service account for authentication. The dataset you need to visualize is stored in a separate project, which is controlled by a different team. You do not currently have access to this external project, but you need your app to be able to read the data from the BigQuery dataset in that project. What action should you take?;Ask the other team to grant your default App Engine service account the BigQuery Data Viewer role.;Ask the other team to grant your default App Engine service account the BigQuery Job User role.;In the Cloud IAM settings of your project, ensure that the default App Engine service account has the BigQuery Data Viewer role.;In the Cloud IAM settings of your project, grant a newly created service account from the other team the BigQuery Job User role in your project.
Your company, MovieMagic Productions, is building an AI-driven platform that runs in your local data center. The platform leverages Google Cloud Platform (GCP) services, such as AutoML, to analyze user-submitted video content. You have created a service account with the necessary permissions to access AutoML. Now, you need to ensure that your on-premises application can authenticate and connect to GCP APIs. What should you do?;Use gcloud to create a key file for the service account that has appropriate permissions.;Use service account credentials in your on-premises application.;Set up direct interconnect between your data center and Google Cloud Platform to enable authentication for your on-premises applications.;Go to the IAM & admin console, grant a user account permissions similar to the service account permissions, and use this user account for authentication from your data center.
Your startup, GreenLeaf Solutions, is looking to move its existing infrastructure to Google Cloud. The current setup is mentioned below. The goal is to minimize operational expenses while adhering to Google's recommended best practices for serverless architecture. How should you migrate these components?;- Migrate the customer dashboard to App Engine and the backend API to Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Cloud Run.;- Migrate the customer dashboard to App Engine and the backend API to Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Compute Engine.;- Host the customer dashboard on a Cloud Storage bucket and the backend API on Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Cloud Run.;- Host the customer dashboard on a Cloud Storage bucket and the backend API on Cloud Run. - Use Cloud Tasks to schedule the data processing task on Compute Engine.
You're managing the infrastructure for a new social media platform called SnapTag, which allows users to share real-time photo and video updates. As part of your setup, you need to establish a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster. It's essential that node identity and integrity are verifiable, and the nodes should not be accessible from the public internet. Additionally, you want to minimize operational overhead and adhere to best practices recommended by Google. What approach should you take?;Deploy a private autopilot cluster.;Deploy a public autopilot cluster.;Deploy a standard public cluster and enable shielded nodes.;Deploy a standard private cluster and enable shielded nodes.
You are responsible for managing the database performance of an online education platform called EduPrime, which uses Cloud Spanner to handle student data and course materials. The platform operates in a single Google Cloud region, and you need to enhance the query performance in the shortest possible time. You aim to adhere to Google’s recommended practices for configuring services. What should you do?;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 65%. - If this threshold is exceeded, add more nodes to your Cloud Spanner instance.;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 45%. - If this threshold is exceeded, add more nodes to your Cloud Spanner instance.;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 45%. - Use database query statistics to identify queries with high CPU usage and optimize those queries by rewriting them.;- Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to notify you when high-priority CPU utilization reaches 65%. - Use database query statistics to identify queries with high CPU usage and optimize those queries by rewriting them.
Your team at a growing tech startup, Techlyfe Solutions, has designed a new application infrastructure using various Google Cloud products. The team has asked you to estimate the monthly cost of running this solution. You need to calculate an accurate estimate for the monthly total cost of the infrastructure. What should you do?;- For each Google Cloud product used in the solution, review the pricing details on the product’s pricing page. - Use the pricing calculator to total the monthly costs for each Google Cloud product.;- For each Google Cloud product used in the solution, review the pricing details on the product’s pricing page. - Create a Google Sheet that summarizes the expected monthly costs for each product.;- Provision the solution on Google Cloud. Keep the solution running for one week. - Then navigate to the Billing Report page in the Cloud Console. - Multiply the one-week cost to estimate the monthly cost.;- Provision the solution on Google Cloud. - Keep the solution running for one week. - Use Cloud Monitoring to identify the provisioned and used resource amounts. - Multiply the one-week usage data to estimate the monthly costs.
NovaPayments, a fictional online invoicing platform, is planning to migrate its invoice records from its local data center to Cloud Storage. The invoices have specific requirements as mentioned below. NovaPayments wants to adopt Google's best practices to reduce operational and development costs. What should they do?;- Enable object versioning on the Cloud Storage bucket - Configure lifecycle conditions to adjust the storage classes - Specify the number of versions, and delete outdated invoices.;- Enable retention policies on the Cloud Storage bucket - Use Cloud Scheduler to trigger a Cloud Function that moves or deletes invoices based on their metadata.;- Enable retention policies on the Cloud Storage bucket - Set lifecycle rules to adjust the storage classes of the invoices - Specify the number of versions to retain, and delete outdated invoices.;- Enable object versioning on the Cloud Storage bucket - Use Cloud Scheduler to invoke a Cloud Function to manage the movement or deletion of invoices based on their metadata.
The technical team at a growing fintech startup, CloudLedger, manages a data processing application that runs on a Dataproc cluster within a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network. This network operates in a single subnet with the IP range 10.0.2.0/25. Due to IP address exhaustion in the current VPC network, no private IP addresses are available for further use. You need to introduce new VMs that will communicate with the Dataproc cluster while minimizing the complexity and number of steps required. What is the best course of action?;Modify the existing subnet range to 10.0.2.0/24.;Create a new Secondary IP Range in the VPC and configure the VMs to use that range.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs. - Enable VPC Peering between the VMs' VPC network and the Dataproc cluster VPC network.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs with a subnet of 10.0.2.0/16. - Enable VPC network Peering between the Dataproc VPC network and the VMs VPC network. - Configure a custom Route exchange.
You are responsible for managing a social media app's backend infrastructure, specifically a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster called "chat-prod" hosted on Google Cloud. You want to configure your command line interface (CLI) to always target this GKE cluster by default for any future commands. You've just installed the Cloud SDK, and now you want to ensure that any future CLI operations are set to focus on this specific cluster. What should you do?;Use the command “gcloud config set container/cluster chat-prod”.;Use the command “gcloud container clusters update chat-prod”.;Create a file called gke.default in the ~/.gcloud folder that contains the cluster name.;Create a file called defaults.json in the ~/.gcloud folder that contains the cluster name.
Imagine you are running a photo-sharing website called SnapBucket, where users upload and view high-resolution images. The site is hosted on a general-purpose Compute Engine instance, and it's experiencing excessive disk read throttling on its Zonal SSD Persistent Disk. SnapBucket primarily reads large image files from the disk. The current disk size is 350 GB. Your goal is to provide the maximum amount of throughput for these read operations while minimizing costs. What should you do?;Migrate to use a Local SSD on the instance.;Increase the size of the disk to 1 TB.;Increase the allocated CPU to the instance.;Migrate to use a Regional SSD on the instance.
The technical team at "EcoGrow Solutions," a startup that provides smart irrigation systems, has asked you to deploy a new workload to their Kubernetes cluster. You are uncertain about the workload's exact resource needs because they may vary based on different usage patterns, such as weather data inputs, varying customer activity, and external API responses. You need to implement a solution that offers cost-effective suggestions for CPU and memory, ensuring the workload remains stable in all conditions. Following the best practices recommended by Google Cloud, what approach should you take?;- Configure the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for availability - Configure the Vertical Pod Autoscaler recommendations for suggestions.;- Configure the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for availability - Configure the cluster autoscaler for suggestions.;- Configure the Vertical Pod Autoscaler recommendations for availability - Configure the Cluster autoscaler for suggestions.;- Configure the Vertical Pod Autoscaler recommendations for availability - Configure the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for suggestions.
You are managing a third-party photo editing application that will run on a Compute Engine instance for a fictional company called "PixelPro". Other Compute Engine instances running for PixelPro are using default configurations. The application's installation files are stored in Cloud Storage. You need to ensure that the new instance can access these installation files without allowing other virtual machines (VMs) in PixelPro's network to access them. What should you do?;- Create a new service account and assign this service account to the new instance. - Grant the service account permissions on Cloud Storage.;- Create the instance with the default Compute Engine service account. - Grant the service account permissions on Cloud Storage.;- Create the instance with the default Compute Engine service account. - Add metadata to the objects on Cloud Storage that match the metadata on the new instance.;- Create a new service account and assign this service account to the new instance. - Add metadata to the objects on Cloud Storage that match the metadata on the new instance.
Your company, StellarClimb, is running a three-tier social media platform on virtual machines that use a MySQL database. You need to estimate the total cost of cloud infrastructure to run this application on Google Cloud instances and Cloud SQL. What should you do?;- Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator to determine the cost of every Google Cloud resource you expect to use. - Use similar size instances for the web server, and use your current on-premises machines as a comparison for Cloud SQL.;- Create a Google spreadsheet with multiple Google Cloud resource combinations. - On a separate sheet, import the current Google Cloud prices and use these prices for the calculations within formulas.;- Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator and select the Cloud Operations template to define your web application with as much detail as possible.;- Implement a similar architecture on Google Cloud, and run a reasonable load test on a smaller scale. - Check the billing information, and calculate the estimated costs based on the real load your system usually handles.
You are tasked with setting up the most cost-efficient storage solution for a fictional app called DataFlow Insights, which processes large datasets continuously for critical analytics tasks. These datasets are accessed regularly by teams based in Boston, MA (United States). The goal is to ensure minimal storage costs while maintaining optimal access speeds for this high-importance pipeline. What should you do?;- Configure regional storage for the region closest to the users. - Configure a Standard storage class.;- Configure regional storage for the region closest to the users. - Configure a Nearline storage class.;- Configure dual-regional storage for the dual region closest to the users. - Configure a Nearline storage class.;- Configure dual-regional storage for the dual region closest to the users. - Configure a Standard storage class.
You are managing a web platform for an online food delivery service called QuickEats, which operates on the Google Cloud Platform. As part of your update strategy, you want to test new features with a small portion of live traffic to gather feedback, while most of the users should continue to interact with the stable version of the platform. What approach should you take?;- Deploy the platform on App Engine. For each update, create a new version of the same service. - Configure traffic splitting to send a small percentage of traffic to the new version.;- Deploy the platform on App Engine. For each update, create a new service. - Configure traffic splitting to send a small percentage of traffic to the new service.;- Deploy the platform on Kubernetes Engine. - For a new release, update the deployment to use the new version.;- Deploy the platform on Kubernetes Engine. - For a new release, create a new deployment for the new version. - Update the service to use the new deployment.
Your company, SolarTech Solutions, has an internal app that uses a Bigtable instance with three nodes, storing sensitive customer data, including personally identifiable information (PII). The security team has requested that you log all read and write operations, including metadata and configuration reads, and send these logs to your company’s Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system. What should you do?;- Navigate to the Audit Logs page in the Google Cloud console, and enable Data Read, Data Write, and Admin Read logs for the Bigtable instance. - Create a Pub/Sub topic as a Cloud Logging sink destination, and add your SIEM as a subscriber to the topic.;- Navigate to Cloud Monitoring in the Google Cloud console, and create a custom monitoring job for the Bigtable instance to track all changes. - Create an alert by using webhook endpoints, with the SIEM endpoint as a receiver.;- Navigate to the Audit Logs page in the Google Cloud console, and enable Admin Write logs for the Bigtable instance. - Create a Cloud Functions instance to export logs from Cloud Logging to your SIEM.;- Install the Ops Agent on the Bigtable instance during configuration. - Create a service account with read permissions for the Bigtable instance. - Create a custom Dataflow job with this service account to export logs to the company’s SIEM system.
Your company, SwiftOrder Solutions, has an internal app that handles order processing for a single warehouse facility. The app is designed specifically for employees working on-site. It needs strong consistency, and quick queries, and supports ACID transactions for complex multi-table updates. Currently, the app runs on PostgreSQL, and you are looking to migrate it to the cloud with minimal changes to the existing codebase. Which cloud database service would best suit this application?;Cloud SQL;BigQuery;Cloud Spanner;Cloud Datastore
A software development company, SwiftData Solutions, has created two separate environments on Google Cloud Kubernetes (GKE) for its application as mentioned below. You have used the kubectl get nodes command but are only able to view the nodes from the prod-environment. What commands should you execute to verify the node status for the dev-environment?;1. gcloud container clusters get-credentials dev-environment 2. kubectl get nodes;1. gcloud container clusters update -generate-password dev-environment 2. kubectl get nodes;1. kubectl config set-context dev-environment 2. kubectl cluster-info;1. kubectl config set-credentials dev-environment 2. kubectl cluster-info
Your team at ByteDome, a fast-growing app development company specializing in personalized game experiences, has noticed that developers frequently use multiple service account keys in their projects. To improve security and standardize practices, you need to implement a temporary solution while working on a long-term fix. Your requirements are mentioned below. You aim to implement a Google-recommended approach that is cost-effective and adheres to these requirements. What should you do?;- Enforce an organization policy constraint that limits the lifetime of service account keys to 24 hours. - Additionally, enforce an organization policy constraint that denies service account key creation, with an exception for game-sa-hub.;- Implement a Cloud Run job to periodically rotate all service account keys in game-sa-hub. - Enforce an organization policy to deny service account key creation, with an exception for game-sa-hub.;- Set up a Kubernetes CronJob to periodically rotate all service account keys. - Disable the ability to attach service accounts to resources across all projects, except for game-sa-hub.;- Enforce an organization policy constraint that denies the lifetime of service account keys beyond 24 hours. - Disable the attachment of service accounts to resources in all projects except for game-sa-hub.
Your startup, DevWorks, is transitioning its app deployment process to run on Compute Engine instances. The CI/CD pipeline will now manage your cloud infrastructure entirely through infrastructure-as-code. How can you make sure the pipeline has the correct permissions while following security best practices?;- Create multiple service accounts, one for each pipeline, with the appropriate minimal IAM permissions. - Use a secret management service to store the key files of these service accounts. - Allow the CI/CD pipeline to request the necessary secrets during execution.;- Attach a single service account to the Compute Engine instances. - Allow the service account to impersonate a Cloud Identity user with elevated permissions to create, update, or delete resources.;- Add a manual approval step in the CI/CD pipeline before provisioning infrastructure. - Use the approval IAM account for provisioning.;- Attach a single service account to the Compute Engine instances. - Grant the service account all required Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions to create, update, or delete resources.
You manage a video streaming platform called StreamSphere that receives SSL-encrypted TCP traffic on port 443. Users from various regions across the globe connect to the platform. To ensure a seamless streaming experience, you want to minimize latency for these users. Which load-balancing solution would be the best choice?;SSL Proxy Load Balancer;HTTPS Load Balancer;Network Load Balancer;- Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancer. - Add a firewall rule allowing ingress traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 on the target instances.
Your team at CoderGen, a startup focused on mobile app development, needs a new build automation server for their latest project. The team has decided to use Jenkins, and you are tasked with setting up the server with minimal effort. What approach should you take?;Use GCP Marketplace to launch a pre-configured Jenkins solution.;Download and deploy the Jenkins Java WAR to App Launch Standard.;Create a new Compute Engine instance and install Jenkins via the command line.;Set up a Kubernetes cluster on Compute Engine and create a deployment using the Jenkins Docker image.
ByteCrafters, a company that develops an e-commerce platform called ShopStream, needs to update the configuration of its infrastructure using Deployment Manager. They want to ensure that there is no downtime for any resources while performing the update. Which command should their DevOps team use to achieve this?;gcloud deployment-manager deployments update --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager deployments create --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager resources create --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager resources update --config <deployment-config-path>
A tech startup called TechSpire has developed a performance-monitoring app that needs to run on Google Cloud Platform. The app is a single binary application, and they want to automatically scale it based on the CPU usage of the underlying infrastructure. Due to their company policies, they are required to directly use virtual machines. TechSpire wants to ensure that the scaling process is operationally efficient and happens as quickly as possible. What should they do? (Note: Stackdriver is now called 'Google Cloud's Operation Suite');Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group with autoscaling configured.;Create a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster, and use horizontal pod autoscaling to scale the application.;Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group that scales up and down based on the time of day.;Use a set of third-party tools to build automation around scaling the application up and down, based on Stackdriver CPU usage monitoring.
You have a virtual Linux server for an online education platform that needs to connect to a Cloud SQL database. You have created a service account with the necessary permissions. Now, you need to ensure that this virtual machine uses the custom service account instead of the default one assigned by Compute Engine. What should you do?;When creating the VM via the web console specify the service account under the 'Identity and API Access' section.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - On the Project Metadata, add that JSON as the value for the key compute-engine-service-account.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - On the Custom Metadata of the VM, add that JSON as the value for the key compute-engine-service-account.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - After creating the VM, ssh into the VM and save the JSON under ~/.gcloud/compute-engine-service-account.json.
Imagine that you’re testing a new feature for a website called BookshelfHub, a platform that connects book lovers and independent bookstores. You’ve created an instance of SQL Server 2017 on Compute Engine to try out some database updates specific to the latest version. Now, you want to connect to this SQL Server instance on Compute Engine using the simplest and quickest setup. What should you do?;- Set a Windows username and password in the GCP Console. - Confirm that a firewall rule for port 3389 is in place. - Click the RDP button in the GCP Console to log in using those credentials.;- Install an RDP client on your desktop. - Verify that a firewall rule for port 3389 is set.;- Install an RDP client on your desktop. - Set a Windows username and password in the GCP Console. - Use those credentials to log in to the instance.;- Set a Windows password in the GCP Console. - Ensure there’s a firewall rule for port 22. - Click the RDP button in the GCP Console, providing the credentials to log in.
Your company, ByteFrame Solutions, has a dedicated project for storing container images in the Artifact Registry. In a separate project, you are setting up a new GKE cluster for a web application you're deploying. You need to ensure that the Kubernetes cluster can pull container images from the Artifact Registry in the other project. What steps should you take?;In the project where the container images are stored, assign the Artifact Registry Reader IAM role to the service account used by the Kubernetes nodes.;When creating the GKE cluster, select the Allow full access to all Cloud APIs option under 'Access scopes'.;Create a new service account and grant it access to Artifact Registry. Generate a JSON key for the service account and use it as an imagePullSecrets in Kubernetes.;Set the Artifact Registry permissions on each container image manually to provide read-only access to the default Compute Engine service account.
You are setting up a Windows virtual machine for ByteSpace, a fictional app that analyzes large datasets in the cloud. You want to ensure that your team can log in to the VM via Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP). What is the best approach?;After the VM has been created, use “gcloud compute reset-windows-password” to retrieve the login credentials for the VM.;After the VM has been created, use your Google Account credentials to log in to the VM.;When creating the VM, add metadata to the instance using 'windows-password' as the key and a password as the value.;After the VM has been created, download the JSON private key for the default Compute Engine service account. Use the credentials in the JSON file to log in to the VM.
A startup called RepliNet needs a scalable solution to automatically provision virtual machines (VMs) on Google Compute Engine. The configuration for these VMs, including specifications like CPU, memory, and storage, is stored in a separate configuration file. They want to use a method that aligns with Google's best practices. Which method should RepliNet use?;Deployment Manager;Cloud Composer;Managed Instance Group;Unmanaged Instance Group
You are developing a new version of a popular task management app called TaskMaster, hosted on App Engine. You want to roll out the new version to just 1% of users initially, allowing you to monitor its performance before fully switching over to this new version for all users. What approach should you take?;Deploy the new version of TaskMaster in App Engine, then go to App Engine settings in GCP Console and split the traffic between the current version and the new version.;Deploy the new version of TaskMaster in Google Kubernetes Engine instead of App Engine, then use GCP Console to split the traffic.;Deploy the new version in a Compute Engine instance instead of App Engine, then use GCP Console to split the traffic.;Deploy the new version as a separate app in App Engine. Then configure App Engine using GCP Console to split traffic between the two apps.
Your company, VideoStreamCo, manages a popular video-sharing platform where users upload their videos to a specific Cloud Storage Regional bucket. To optimize storage costs, you need to implement a policy that moves videos to Coldline storage after 90 days and deletes them after one year from their creation date. How should you configure this policy?;- Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management with Age conditions, setting the actions to SetStorageClass and Delete. - Configure the SetStorageClass action to 90 days and the Delete action to 365 days.;- Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management with Age conditions, setting the actions to SetStorageClass and Delete. - Configure the SetStorageClass action to move videos to Coldline after 90 days and the Delete action to remove them after 275 days (365 - 90).;Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 275 days (365-90).;Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 365 days.
You are a developer at a company called TechHive, and you've been assigned to deploy a newly built containerized application on Kubernetes Engine. The app has been containerized using a Dockerfile. What steps should you follow to ensure a successful deployment?;- Create a docker image from the Dockerfile and upload it to the Container Registry. - Create a Deployment YAML file to point to that image. Use kubectl to create the deployment with that file.;Use “kubectl app deploy <dockerfilename>”.;Use “gcloud app deploy <dockerfilename>”.;- Create a docker image from the Dockerfile and upload it to Cloud Storage. - Create a Deployment YAML file to point to that image. - Use kubectl to create the deployment with that file.
You've been hired by a new tech startup, SpaceyMedia, to manage their cloud infrastructure on Google Cloud. One of your tasks is to produce a list of all the enabled Google Cloud Platform APIs for their GCP project. The project name is spacey-media-app. You need to use the gcloud command line within Cloud Shell to get this information. How do you proceed?;Run “gcloud projects list” to get the project ID, and then run “gcloud services list --project <project ID>”.;Run “gcloud init” to set the current project to spacey-media-app, and then run “gcloud services list --available”.;Run “gcloud info” to view the account value, and then run “gcloud services list --account <Account>”.;Run “gcloud projects describe <project ID>” to verify the project value, and then run “gcloud services list --available”.
You are managing expenses for three different departments within your company’s online fitness platform. You need to create accurate cost estimates for various cloud services, broken down by service type, on a daily and monthly basis for the upcoming six months. The goal is to use standard query syntax for this analysis. What should you do?;Export your bill to a BigQuery dataset, and then write time window-based SQL queries for analysis.;Export your bill to a Cloud Storage bucket, and then import it into Cloud Bigtable for analysis.;Export your bill to a Cloud Storage bucket, and then import it into Google Sheets for analysis.;Export your transactions to a local file, and perform analysis with a desktop tool.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new social media platform called SnapChirp, which allows users to share short audio clips. The platform is hosted on Google Kubernetes Engine with autoscaling enabled to handle fluctuating user traffic. You now need to expose SnapChirp's frontend application to the public, using HTTPS on a public IP address. What steps should you take?;Create a Kubernetes Service of type NodePort for your application, and a Kubernetes Ingress to expose this Service via a Cloud Load Balancer.;Create a Kubernetes Service of type ClusterIP for your application. Configure the public DNS name of your application using the IP of this Service.;Create a Kubernetes Service of type NodePort to expose the application on port 443 of each node of the Kubernetes cluster. Configure the public DNS name of your application with the IP of every node of the cluster to achieve load-balancing.;- Create a HAProxy pod in the cluster to load-balance the traffic to all the pods of the application. - Forward the public traffic to HAProxy with an iptable rule. - Configure the DNS name of your application using the public IP of the node HAProxy is running on.
A startup called "EcoScan" is building an app that tracks and analyzes environmental data across multiple locations. They want to add a new team member, an auditor, who needs access to review all aspects of the project but should not have permission to make changes to any of the data or settings. How should EcoScan configure the auditor's permissions?;- Select the built-in IAM project Viewer role. - Add the auditor's account to this role.;- Create a custom role with view-only project permissions. - Add the auditor's account to the custom role.;- Create a custom role with view-only service permissions. - Add the auditor's account to the custom role.;- Select the built-in IAM service Viewer role. - Add the auditor's account to this role.
A popular social media app, PicFlare, is preparing for an increase in user traffic following the acquisition of another platform. To ensure their infrastructure can handle the surge, they need to create and deploy copies of their existing Compute Engine virtual machine (VM), which already has a custom image available, and to scale effectively. What should the team at PicFlare do?;- Create a custom Compute Engine image from a snapshot. - Create your instances from that image.;- Create a Compute Engine snapshot of the base VM. - Create your images from that snapshot.;- Create a Compute Engine snapshot of the base VM. - Create your instances from that snapshot.;- Create a custom Compute Engine image from a snapshot. - Create your images from that image.
Your company, TechStream Solutions, has deployed a custom web application called TaskFlow on a single Compute Engine instance. TaskFlow is designed to help users manage their daily tasks and project workflows. The application writes detailed logs to the local disk for tracking errors and system activities. Recently, users have started reporting issues when trying to submit tasks through the platform. You need to investigate and diagnose the cause of these errors to resolve the problem. What should you do?;Install and configure the Cloud Logging Agent and view the logs from Cloud Logging.;Navigate to Cloud Logging and view the application logs.;Connect to the instance's serial console and read the application logs.;Configure a Health Check on the instance and set a Low Healthy Threshold value.
A food delivery service called MealMetrics generates daily order reports on a Compute Engine virtual machine (VM). This VM resides in the project mealmetrics-reports. Your team works solely within the project mealmetrics-central-data and needs access to these daily reports, which are stored in the bucket mealmetrics-central-bucket. You want to configure the system so that the reports generated by the VM are automatically available in the bucket mealmetrics-central-bucket while using as few steps as possible and following Google-recommended best practices. What should you do?;Grant the VM Service Account the role Storage Object Creator on mealmetrics-central-bucket.;Move both projects under the same folder.;- Create a Shared VPC network between both projects. - Grant the VM Service Account the role Storage Object Creator on mealmetrics-reports.;- Make mealmetrics-central-bucket public and create a folder with a pseudo-randomized suffix name. - Share the folder with the Reports team.
You are responsible for connecting two different teams within your organization that manage two distinct applications. Each application is running on its own group of Compute Engine instances across two separate GCP projects. Each group of instances resides in its own VPC, and now these instances need to communicate with each other. What should you do?;- Verify that both projects are part of a GCP Organization. - Share the VPC from one project and allow the Compute Engine instances in the other project to use this shared VPC.;- Verify that both projects are part of a GCP Organization. - Create a new VPC and add all instances.;- Verify that you are the Project Administrator of both projects. - Create two new VPCs and add all instances.;- Verify that you are the Project Administrator of both projects. - Create a new VPC and add all instances.
You are tasked with providing a cost estimate for a cloud-based logistics tracking system that runs on a Kubernetes cluster using the GCP pricing calculator. The system handles real-time data processing and requires high IOPs, along with the need for disk snapshots for backups. You begin by entering the number of nodes, the average hours of operation per day, and the number of active days per month. What should you do next?;- Fill in local SSD. - Fill in persistent disk storage and snapshot storage.;- Fill in local SSD. - Add estimated cost for cluster management.;- Select Add GPUs. - Fill in persistent disk storage and snapshot storage.;- Select Add GPUs. - Add estimated cost for cluster management.
You are part of a team at a new travel app startup that helps users book eco-friendly travel options. Your team is testing out different Kubernetes YAML configurations for one of the microservices in the app. You've run the below command. It was noticed that one of the pods is stuck in a PENDING state. You’ve been assigned to troubleshoot the issue. What should you do next?;Inspect the pending pod travelbooking-deployment-x2y3z4-lm89d and look for warning messages.;Inspect the travelbooking-service Service object and look for error messages.;Inspect the travelbooking-deployment Deployment object and check for error messages.;View logs of the container in pending pod travelbooking-deployment-x2y3z4-lm89d and check for warning messages.
You are managing the infrastructure for an e-commerce website called ShopVerse, and you need to configure secure SSH access to a single Compute Engine instance for developers in the dev1 team. This particular instance hosts a microservice, and it is the only resource in this ShopVerse GCP project that the dev1 developers need to access. What should you do?;- Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. - Grant the dev1 team the compute.osLogin role. - Instruct them to use the Cloud Shell to SSH into the instance.;- Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. - Configure the service account to "no service account" for that instance. - Instruct them to use the Cloud Shell to SSH into the instance.;- Enable block project-wide SSH keys for the instance. - Generate an SSH key for each user in the dev1 team. - Distribute the keys and instruct the team to use their preferred third-party SSH tools to connect.;- Enable block project-wide SSH keys for the instance. - Generate a single SSH key and associate it with that instance. - Distribute the key to the dev1 team and instruct them to use their preferred third-party SSH tools to connect.
You need to launch a new virtual machine for a website called NoveltyExpress, but the project for this website hasn't been set up yet. What steps should you take?;Using the Cloud SDK, create a new project, enable the Compute Engine API in that project, and then create the instance specifying your new project.;Enable the Compute Engine API in the Cloud Console, use the Cloud SDK to create the instance, and then use the --project flag to specify a new project.;- Using the Cloud SDK, create the new instance, and use the --project flag to specify the new project. - Answer yes when prompted by Cloud SDK to enable the Compute Engine API.;- Enable the Compute Engine API in the Cloud Console. - Go to the Compute Engine section of the Console to create a new instance, and look for the Create In A New Project option in the creation form.
A startup called SparkThreads runs a complex data processing task on an on-premises server that takes about 40 hours to complete. This task is performed monthly, can run without user interaction, and must restart if interrupted. SparkThreads wants to move this workload to the cloud while keeping costs as low as possible. What approach should they take?;- Migrate the workload to a Compute Engine VM. - Start and stop the instance as needed.;Migrate the workload to a Compute Engine Preemptible VM.;Migrate the workload to a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster with Preemptible nodes.;- Create an Instance Template with Preemptible VMs ON. - Create a Managed Instance Group from the template and adjust Target CPU Utilization. - Migrate the workload.
Your company runs a platform that rents out specialized drones to agricultural businesses for monitoring crop health and irrigation needs. Each drone is equipped with multiple sensors that transmit event data every few seconds. The data includes information such as flight status, distance covered, battery level, and camera feeds. Customers are charged based on the metrics collected by these sensors. You anticipate high throughput, with thousands of events being generated every hour by each drone. You need to retrieve consistent data based on the event's timestamp, and each signal update should be atomic. How should you handle this?;Ingest the data into Cloud Bigtable and create a row key based on the event's timestamp.;Create a file in Cloud Storage for each drone and append new data to the file.;Create a file in Cloud Filestore for each drone and append new data to the file.;Ingest the data into Datastore and store it in an entity group organized by the drone.
You work for a growing e-commerce platform, "ShopZen," which uses BigQuery to analyze customer behavior and sales trends. You are about to run an important query to understand customer purchase patterns, but you expect the query to return a large number of records. Since ShopZen is using on-demand pricing, you want to figure out how much running the query will cost. What should you do?;- Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes read. - Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.;- Arrange to switch to Flat-Rate pricing for this query. - Then move back to on-demand.;- Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes returned. - Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.;- Run a “select count (*)” to get an idea of how many records your query will look through. - Then convert that number of rows to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.
A company called "QuickFoodz" has developed a food delivery application that is packaged into a Docker image. They want to deploy this Docker image as a workload on Google Kubernetes Engine. What steps should they take?;Upload the image to the Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.;Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;Upload the image to the Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.
Techventure Corp, a startup developing a new social networking app, has asked you to set up the billing configuration for their newly adopted Google Cloud environment. They want to ensure that resources with similar access and permission settings can be easily managed together. How should you approach this?;Use folders to group resources that share common IAM policies.;Use labels to group resources that share common IAM policies.;Set up a proper billing account structure to group IAM policies.;Set up a proper project naming structure to group IAM policies.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new application called "Taskify" which helps users organize their daily to-do lists. You've deployed several Linux-based virtual machines on Compute Engine to run backend services for Taskify. Over the next few weeks, you plan to expand and add more instances. You need to ensure that you can connect to all these instances securely via SSH from your local machine, but without exposing public IP addresses for any of the Compute Engine instances. What should you do?;Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for SSH and TCP resources;Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for HTTPS resources;Create an SSH keypair and store the public key as a project-wide SSH Key.;Create an SSH keypair and store the private key as a project-wide SSH Key.
The fictional company “StellarWeb Solutions” has three projects: Apollo, Luna, and Nova. They need to set up monitoring for application performance on these projects as a unified view. The team wants to track metrics such as CPU, memory, and disk usage across all three projects. What is the best course of action?;Enable the API, create a workspace under Apollo, and add Luna and Nova projects to it.;Enable the necessary API and then share individual charts from Apollo, Luna, and Nova.;Enable the API and grant the metrics.reader role to the Apollo, Luna, and Nova projects.;Enable the API and use default dashboards to monitor each project in sequence.
You are managing a group of services in a Kubernetes Engine cluster for a fictional mobile app called PixelMagic. One of the services is responsible for processing high-resolution images for users, which requires a large amount of CPU but not as much memory. The other services handle routine tasks such as account management and notifications and are optimized for n1-standard machine types. You want to make sure all of these services are using resources efficiently to keep your infrastructure costs down while maintaining performance. What should you do?;- Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the image processing service. - Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the other services.;Assign the pods of the image processing service a higher pod priority than the other services.;- Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the image processing service. - Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the other services.;- Configure the required amount of CPU and memory in the resource requests specification of the image processing service deployment. - Keep the resource requests for the other services at the default.
A growing tech startup, WebTech Solutions, has developed a cloud-based collaboration app called CollabHub. The team has decided to create a secure and reliable Virtual Private Network (VPN) connection between their new Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and an external data center. Key considerations include using dynamic routing, working with an IP address range of 10.108.0.1/22, and ensuring that no extra tunnels are set up during failover. The company wants to follow Google's best practices to ensure high availability for the Cloud VPN. What steps should they take?;- Use a custom mode VPC network - Use Cloud Router border gateway protocol (BGP) routes - Use active/passive routing.;- Use a custom mode VPC network - Configure static routes - Use active/passive routing.;- Use an automatic mode VPC network - Configure static routes - Use active/active routing.;- Use an automatic mode VPC network - Use Cloud Router border gateway protocol (BGP) routes - Configure policy-based routing.
You have developed a new mobile app called EcoShop, which integrates with several Google Cloud services. The app works seamlessly on your local development environment using Application Default Credentials for authentication. Now, you plan to move EcoShop to a Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) and want to configure authentication using Google-recommended practices while making minimal changes. What should you do?;Assign appropriate access for Google services to the service account used by the Compute Engine VM.;- Create a service account with appropriate access for Google services - Configure the application to use this account.;- Store credentials for service accounts with appropriate access for Google services in a config file - Deploy this config file with your application.;- Store credentials for your user account with appropriate access for Google services in a config file - Deploy this config file with your application.
You are managing a dashboard for a fictional online marketplace app, "ShopSmart", that uses Data Studio to visualize sales data from a data warehouse built on top of BigQuery. Throughout the day, new transactions are appended to the data warehouse, and at night, the summary table of daily sales is recalculated and overwritten. You recently noticed that the sales charts on your dashboard have stopped displaying properly, and you need to investigate the issue. What should you do?;Use the BigQuery interface to review the nightly job and look for any errors.;Review the Error Reporting page in the Cloud Console to find any errors.;Use Cloud Debugger to find out why the data was not refreshed correctly.;In Cloud Logging, create a filter for your Data Studio report.
You are developing a global e-learning platform that tracks user progress and stores course completion data in a database. As the platform grows in popularity, you're concerned about ensuring consistent performance. You need to provide an optimal learning experience for users worldwide while keeping management tasks simple. What should you do?;Use Cloud Spanner to store user data associated with their course completion progress.;Use Cloud SQL with cross-region replication to store course completion data in the EU, US, and APAC regions.;Use BigQuery to store course completion data with a Redis on Memorystore instance in front to ensure global consistency.;Store course completion data in a Bigtable database partitioned by user ID.
You've set up the CloudCLI tool for managing the infrastructure of a new e-commerce platform, ByteMart, and you’ve also configured a proxy for secure communication. However, you’re concerned that your proxy credentials might be logged in the CLI tool’s logs, and you want to ensure that sensitive information remains secure. How can you prevent your proxy credentials from being logged?;Set the CLOUDSDK_PROXY_USERNAME and CLOUDSDK_PROXY_PASSWORD properties using environment variables in your system's command line tool.;Configure username and password by using the “gcloud config set proxy/username” and “gcloud config set proxy/password” commands.;Encode your username and password using sha256, save them in a text file, and set that file as a value in the “gcloud config set core/custom_ca_certs_file command”.;Provide values for CLOUDSDK_PROXY_USERNAME and CLOUDSDK_PROXY_PASSWORD directly in the gcloud CLI configuration file.
Your company has built an online food delivery platform called "QuickEats" which runs on Google Kubernetes Engine. Some microservices, like recommendation engines, can tolerate downtime, while others, such as order processing, must remain available at all times. You are tasked with configuring a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster in a cost-efficient way. What should you do?;- Create a cluster with both a Spot VM node pool and a node pool using standard VMs. - Deploy the critical deployments on the node pool using standard VMs and the fault-tolerant deployments on the Spot VM node pool.;- Create a cluster with a single node pool using standard VMs. - Label the fault-tolerant Deployments as spot_true.;- Create a cluster with a single node pool using Spot VMs. - Label the critical Deployments as spot_false.;- Create a cluster with both a Spot VM node pool and a node pool using standard VMs. - Deploy the critical deployments on the Spot VM node pool and the fault-tolerant deployments on the node pool using standard VMs.
You are managing a popular e-learning platform called LearnMate. You want to deploy a new version of the platform’s backend using serverless technology in Google Cloud. However, before fully rolling it out, you want to test this new version with a small percentage of your production users to ensure it functions as expected. What should you do?;- Deploy the application to Cloud Run. - Use gradual rollouts for traffic splitting.;- Deploy the application to Google Kubernetes Engine. - Use Anthos Service Mesh for traffic splitting.;- Deploy the application to Cloud Functions. - Specify the version number in the function’s name.;- Deploy the application to App Engine. - For each new version, create a new service.
Your company, EverGlow Apps, has a critical online marketplace application running on a specific Compute Engine instance within your Google Cloud project. As part of EverGlow Apps' security vulnerability management policy, a security team member needs to have visibility into potential vulnerabilities and other OS metadata for this instance. You need to ensure that the policy is correctly implemented to maintain the security of the application. What steps should you take?;- Ensure that the OS Config agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Provide the security team member roles/osconfig.vulnerabilityReportViewer permission.;- Ensure that the Ops Agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Create a custom metric in the Cloud Monitoring dashboard. - Provide the security team member with access to this dashboard.;- Ensure that the Ops Agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Provide the security team member roles/osconfig.inventoryViewer permission.;- Ensure that the OS Config agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Create a log sink to a BigQuery dataset. - Provide the security team member with access to this dataset.
You are working for a fictional e-commerce platform called "ShopEase" that provides a seamless shopping experience to customers worldwide. Your development team is preparing to deploy new features to an existing Cloud Run service that powers the platform's product recommendation engine. To reduce risks associated with the deployment of a new revision, you want to minimize the number of customers affected by potential outages, while ensuring there are no additional costs for your customers. You also want to adhere to Google-recommended practices for managing service revisions. What should you do?;Gradually roll out the new revision and split customer traffic between the revisions to allow rollback in case a problem occurs.;Ask your customers to retry accessing the recommendation engine with exponential backoff to mitigate any potential issues after the new revision is deployed.;Send all customer traffic to the new revision and roll back to a previous revision if issues arise in production.;Deploy your recommendation engine to a second Cloud Run service and ask your customers to use the second service.
You are developing a fitness tracking app called FitPulse, which stores relational data from users such as workout sessions, health stats, and personal profiles. Users from all over the world will be using this app, but the potential size of the user base is unpredictable. The CTO is concerned about the app’s ability to scale efficiently without requiring significant configuration updates as more users join. You need to choose a database solution that can grow seamlessly with your app’s increasing user base. Which storage solution would be the most appropriate?;Cloud Spanner;Cloud SQL;Firestore;Bigtable
A company called BrightTech has deployed a web application on a Compute Engine instance. An external contractor needs access to the Linux-based instance to perform maintenance tasks. The contractor is connected to BrightTech's corporate network through a VPN, but they do not have a Google account. What should you do?;- Instruct the external contractor to generate an SSH key pair, and request the public key from the contractor. - Add the public key to the instance yourself, and have the contractor access the instance through SSH with their private key.;Instruct the external contractor to use the “gcloud compute ssh” command line tool by using Identity-Aware Proxy to access the instance.;Instruct the external contractor to use the “gcloud compute ssh” command line tool by using the public IP address of the instance to access it.;- Instruct the external contractor to generate an SSH key pair, and request the private key from the contractor. - Add the private key to the instance yourself, and have the contractor access the instance through SSH with their public key.
After a recent breach of its mobile shopping platform, your fictional company, SnapShop, is seeking better visibility into activity within its Google Cloud environment. Specifically, they want to monitor any unexpected changes to firewall rules and the creation of new virtual machines. SnapShop favors straightforward and uncomplicated solutions. What should you do?;- Use Cloud Logging filters to create log-based metrics for firewall and instance actions. - Monitor the changes and set up reasonable alerts.;- Create a log sink to forward Cloud Audit Logs filtered for firewalls and compute instances to Cloud Storage. - Use BigQuery to periodically analyze log events in the storage bucket.;- Install Kibana on a compute instance. - Create a log sink to forward Cloud Audit Logs filtered for firewalls and compute instances to Pub/Sub. - Target the Pub/Sub topic to push messages to the Kibana instance. - Analyze the logs on Kibana in real-time.;Turn on Google Cloud firewall rules logging, and set up alerts for any insert, update, or delete events.
Your company, FinTechGuru, has developed a financial data processing application running on a managed instance group in Compute Engine. This application handles TCP traffic on port 389 and needs to ensure that the original IP address of clients sending requests is preserved. You plan to make this application accessible to the internet through a load balancer. What should you do?;Expose the application by using an external TCP Network Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using a TCP Proxy Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using an SSL Proxy Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using an internal TCP Network Load Balancer.
You are setting up service accounts for a new mobile app called "QuickServe" that spans across multiple projects. Virtual machines (VMs) operating within the "QuickServe-frontend" project need access to BigQuery datasets stored in the "QuickServe-database" project. To adhere to Google-recommended best practices, how should you configure access for the service account in the "QuickServe-frontend" project?;Grant roles/bigquery.dataViewer role to QuickServe-database and appropriate roles to QuickServe-frontend.;Grant "project owner" for QuickServe-frontend the necessary roles in QuickServe-database.;Grant "project owner" role to both the QuickServe-database and QuickServe-frontend projects.;Grant "project owner" role to QuickServe-database and assign roles/bigquery.dataViewer role to QuickServe-frontend.
Your startup, "DataStream Analytics," operates a data processing platform on a single Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network within a single subnetwork that has a range of 10.18.20.128/25. The subnetwork has no available private IP addresses. You need to add new virtual machines (VMs) that will be able to communicate with your existing platform’s cluster while using the minimum number of steps. What should you do?;Modify the existing subnet range to 10.18.20.0/24.;Create a new Secondary IP Range in the VPC and configure the VMs to use that range.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs. - Enable VPC Peering between the VMs' VPC network and the platform’s cluster VPC network.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs with a subnet of 10.18.21.0/24. - Enable VPC network Peering between the platform’s VPC network and the VMs' VPC network. - Configure a custom Route exchange.
You have developed a fitness tracking app called FitPulse, and you manage the backend using Google Cloud's Compute Engine. Most of the virtual machines supporting FitPulse are hosted in the europe-west1-d zone. You've installed and authenticated the gcloud CLI to manage these instances, but you'd like to avoid manually specifying the zone every time you run a command to manage your VMs. What should you do?;Set the europe-west1-d zone as the default zone using the gcloud config subcommand.;In the Settings page for Compute Engine under Default location, set the zone to europe-west1-d.;In the CLI installation directory, create a file called default.conf containing zone=europe-west1-d.;Create a Metadata entry on the Compute Engine page with key compute/zone and value europe-west1-d.
You are developing a new social media platform for food enthusiasts called "TasteShare." You are looking for a Jenkins installation to build and deploy your platform's code. To streamline this process, you want to automate the Jenkins installation as quickly and easily as possible. What should you do?;Deploy Jenkins through the Google Cloud Marketplace.;- Create a new Compute Engine instance. - Run the Jenkins executable.;- Create a new Kubernetes Engine cluster. - Create a deployment for the Jenkins image.;- Create an instance template with the Jenkins executable. - Create a managed instance group with this template.
Your company, SwiftMedia Solutions, operates several different apps on Google Cloud across various departments. The Marketing department has launched a new app called AdWave, and you need to ensure that the Marketing team is billed only for the Google Cloud services they use for this app. What should you do?;1. Verify that you are assigned the Billing Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud Project related to the Marketing department. 2. Link the new project for AdWave to a Marketing Billing Account.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Billing Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project specifically for AdWave. 3. Set the default key-value project labels to department:marketing for all services in this project.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Organization Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project for AdWave. 3. Link the new project to a Marketing Billing Account.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Organization Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project for AdWave. 3. Set the default key-value project labels to department:marketing for all services in this project.
You are building a backend service for a ride-sharing app that will store trip and fare data from mobile and web users. Once the app is launched, you anticipate a high volume of rides and transactions worldwide. Your analytics team needs to run SQL queries to gain insights from this data. You need to implement a data store that is highly available and scalable to meet these demands. What should you do?;Create a multi-region Cloud Spanner instance with an optimized schema.;Create a multi-region Firestore database with aggregation query enabled.;Create a multi-region Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL database with optimized indexes.;Create a multi-region BigQuery dataset with optimized tables.
Your team at CoderGen, a startup focused on mobile app development, needs a new build automation server for their latest project. The team has decided to use Jenkins, and you are tasked with setting up the server with minimal effort. What approach should you take?;Use GCP Marketplace to launch a pre-configured Jenkins solution.;Download and deploy the Jenkins Java WAR to App Launch Standard.;Create a new Compute Engine instance and install Jenkins via the command line.;Set up a Kubernetes cluster on Compute Engine and create a deployment using the Jenkins Docker image.
ByteCrafters, a company that develops an e-commerce platform called ShopStream, needs to update the configuration of its infrastructure using Deployment Manager. They want to ensure that there is no downtime for any resources while performing the update. Which command should their DevOps team use to achieve this?;gcloud deployment-manager deployments update --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager deployments create --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager resources create --config <deployment-config-path>;gcloud deployment-manager resources update --config <deployment-config-path>
A tech startup called TechSpire has developed a performance-monitoring app that needs to run on Google Cloud Platform. The app is a single binary application, and they want to automatically scale it based on the CPU usage of the underlying infrastructure. Due to their company policies, they are required to directly use virtual machines. TechSpire wants to ensure that the scaling process is operationally efficient and happens as quickly as possible. What should they do? (Note: Stackdriver is now called 'Google Cloud's Operation Suite');Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group with autoscaling configured.;Create a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster, and use horizontal pod autoscaling to scale the application.;Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group that scales up and down based on the time of day.;Use a set of third-party tools to build automation around scaling the application up and down, based on Stackdriver CPU usage monitoring.
You have a virtual Linux server for an online education platform that needs to connect to a Cloud SQL database. You have created a service account with the necessary permissions. Now, you need to ensure that this virtual machine uses the custom service account instead of the default one assigned by Compute Engine. What should you do?;When creating the VM via the web console specify the service account under the 'Identity and API Access' section.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - On the Project Metadata, add that JSON as the value for the key compute-engine-service-account.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - On the Custom Metadata of the VM, add that JSON as the value for the key compute-engine-service-account.;- Download a JSON Private Key for the service account. - After creating the VM, ssh into the VM and save the JSON under ~/.gcloud/compute-engine-service-account.json.
Imagine that you’re testing a new feature for a website called BookshelfHub, a platform that connects book lovers and independent bookstores. You’ve created an instance of SQL Server 2017 on Compute Engine to try out some database updates specific to the latest version. Now, you want to connect to this SQL Server instance on Compute Engine using the simplest and quickest setup. What should you do?;- Set a Windows username and password in the GCP Console. - Confirm that a firewall rule for port 3389 is in place. - Click the RDP button in the GCP Console to log in using those credentials.;- Install an RDP client on your desktop. - Verify that a firewall rule for port 3389 is set.;- Install an RDP client on your desktop. - Set a Windows username and password in the GCP Console. - Use those credentials to log in to the instance.;- Set a Windows password in the GCP Console. - Ensure there’s a firewall rule for port 22. - Click the RDP button in the GCP Console, providing the credentials to log in.
Your company, ByteFrame Solutions, has a dedicated project for storing container images in the Artifact Registry. In a separate project, you are setting up a new GKE cluster for a web application you're deploying. You need to ensure that the Kubernetes cluster can pull container images from the Artifact Registry in the other project. What steps should you take?;In the project where the container images are stored, assign the Artifact Registry Reader IAM role to the service account used by the Kubernetes nodes.;When creating the GKE cluster, select the Allow full access to all Cloud APIs option under 'Access scopes'.;Create a new service account and grant it access to Artifact Registry. Generate a JSON key for the service account and use it as an imagePullSecrets in Kubernetes.;Set the Artifact Registry permissions on each container image manually to provide read-only access to the default Compute Engine service account.
You are setting up a Windows virtual machine for ByteSpace, a fictional app that analyzes large datasets in the cloud. You want to ensure that your team can log in to the VM via Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP). What is the best approach?;After the VM has been created, use “gcloud compute reset-windows-password” to retrieve the login credentials for the VM.;After the VM has been created, use your Google Account credentials to log in to the VM.;When creating the VM, add metadata to the instance using 'windows-password' as the key and a password as the value.;After the VM has been created, download the JSON private key for the default Compute Engine service account. Use the credentials in the JSON file to log in to the VM.
A startup called RepliNet needs a scalable solution to automatically provision virtual machines (VMs) on Google Compute Engine. The configuration for these VMs, including specifications like CPU, memory, and storage, is stored in a separate configuration file. They want to use a method that aligns with Google's best practices. Which method should RepliNet use?;Deployment Manager;Cloud Composer;Managed Instance Group;Unmanaged Instance Group
You are developing a new version of a popular task management app called TaskMaster, hosted on App Engine. You want to roll out the new version to just 1% of users initially, allowing you to monitor its performance before fully switching over to this new version for all users. What approach should you take?;Deploy the new version of TaskMaster in App Engine, then go to App Engine settings in GCP Console and split the traffic between the current version and the new version.;Deploy the new version of TaskMaster in Google Kubernetes Engine instead of App Engine, then use GCP Console to split the traffic.;Deploy the new version in a Compute Engine instance instead of App Engine, then use GCP Console to split the traffic.;Deploy the new version as a separate app in App Engine. Then configure App Engine using GCP Console to split traffic between the two apps.
Your company, VideoStreamCo, manages a popular video-sharing platform where users upload their videos to a specific Cloud Storage Regional bucket. To optimize storage costs, you need to implement a policy that moves videos to Coldline storage after 90 days and deletes them after one year from their creation date. How should you configure this policy?;- Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management with Age conditions, setting the actions to SetStorageClass and Delete. - Configure the SetStorageClass action to 90 days and the Delete action to 365 days.;- Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management with Age conditions, setting the actions to SetStorageClass and Delete. - Configure the SetStorageClass action to move videos to Coldline after 90 days and the Delete action to remove them after 275 days (365 - 90).;Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 275 days (365-90).;Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 365 days.
You are a developer at a company called TechHive, and you've been assigned to deploy a newly built containerized application on Kubernetes Engine. The app has been containerized using a Dockerfile. What steps should you follow to ensure a successful deployment?;- Create a docker image from the Dockerfile and upload it to the Container Registry. - Create a Deployment YAML file to point to that image. Use kubectl to create the deployment with that file.;Use “kubectl app deploy <dockerfilename>”.;Use “gcloud app deploy <dockerfilename>”.;- Create a docker image from the Dockerfile and upload it to Cloud Storage. - Create a Deployment YAML file to point to that image. - Use kubectl to create the deployment with that file.
You've been hired by a new tech startup, SpaceyMedia, to manage their cloud infrastructure on Google Cloud. One of your tasks is to produce a list of all the enabled Google Cloud Platform APIs for their GCP project. The project name is spacey-media-app. You need to use the gcloud command line within Cloud Shell to get this information. How do you proceed?;Run “gcloud projects list” to get the project ID, and then run “gcloud services list --project <project ID>”.;Run “gcloud init” to set the current project to spacey-media-app, and then run “gcloud services list --available”.;Run “gcloud info” to view the account value, and then run “gcloud services list --account <Account>”.;Run “gcloud projects describe <project ID>” to verify the project value, and then run “gcloud services list --available”.
You are managing expenses for three different departments within your company’s online fitness platform. You need to create accurate cost estimates for various cloud services, broken down by service type, on a daily and monthly basis for the upcoming six months. The goal is to use standard query syntax for this analysis. What should you do?;Export your bill to a BigQuery dataset, and then write time window-based SQL queries for analysis.;Export your bill to a Cloud Storage bucket, and then import it into Cloud Bigtable for analysis.;Export your bill to a Cloud Storage bucket, and then import it into Google Sheets for analysis.;Export your transactions to a local file, and perform analysis with a desktop tool.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new social media platform called SnapChirp, which allows users to share short audio clips. The platform is hosted on Google Kubernetes Engine with autoscaling enabled to handle fluctuating user traffic. You now need to expose SnapChirp's frontend application to the public, using HTTPS on a public IP address. What steps should you take?;Create a Kubernetes Service of type NodePort for your application, and a Kubernetes Ingress to expose this Service via a Cloud Load Balancer.;Create a Kubernetes Service of type ClusterIP for your application. Configure the public DNS name of your application using the IP of this Service.;Create a Kubernetes Service of type NodePort to expose the application on port 443 of each node of the Kubernetes cluster. Configure the public DNS name of your application with the IP of every node of the cluster to achieve load-balancing.;- Create a HAProxy pod in the cluster to load-balance the traffic to all the pods of the application. - Forward the public traffic to HAProxy with an iptable rule. - Configure the DNS name of your application using the public IP of the node HAProxy is running on.
A startup called "EcoScan" is building an app that tracks and analyzes environmental data across multiple locations. They want to add a new team member, an auditor, who needs access to review all aspects of the project but should not have permission to make changes to any of the data or settings. How should EcoScan configure the auditor's permissions?;- Select the built-in IAM project Viewer role. - Add the auditor's account to this role.;- Create a custom role with view-only project permissions. - Add the auditor's account to the custom role.;- Create a custom role with view-only service permissions. - Add the auditor's account to the custom role.;- Select the built-in IAM service Viewer role. - Add the auditor's account to this role.
A popular social media app, PicFlare, is preparing for an increase in user traffic following the acquisition of another platform. To ensure their infrastructure can handle the surge, they need to create and deploy copies of their existing Compute Engine virtual machine (VM), which already has a custom image available, and to scale effectively. What should the team at PicFlare do?;- Create a custom Compute Engine image from a snapshot. - Create your instances from that image.;- Create a Compute Engine snapshot of the base VM. - Create your images from that snapshot.;- Create a Compute Engine snapshot of the base VM. - Create your instances from that snapshot.;- Create a custom Compute Engine image from a snapshot. - Create your images from that image.
Your company, TechStream Solutions, has deployed a custom web application called TaskFlow on a single Compute Engine instance. TaskFlow is designed to help users manage their daily tasks and project workflows. The application writes detailed logs to the local disk for tracking errors and system activities. Recently, users have started reporting issues when trying to submit tasks through the platform. You need to investigate and diagnose the cause of these errors to resolve the problem. What should you do?;Install and configure the Cloud Logging Agent and view the logs from Cloud Logging.;Navigate to Cloud Logging and view the application logs.;Connect to the instance's serial console and read the application logs.;Configure a Health Check on the instance and set a Low Healthy Threshold value.
A food delivery service called MealMetrics generates daily order reports on a Compute Engine virtual machine (VM). This VM resides in the project mealmetrics-reports. Your team works solely within the project mealmetrics-central-data and needs access to these daily reports, which are stored in the bucket mealmetrics-central-bucket. You want to configure the system so that the reports generated by the VM are automatically available in the bucket mealmetrics-central-bucket while using as few steps as possible and following Google-recommended best practices. What should you do?;Grant the VM Service Account the role Storage Object Creator on mealmetrics-central-bucket.;Move both projects under the same folder.;- Create a Shared VPC network between both projects. - Grant the VM Service Account the role Storage Object Creator on mealmetrics-reports.;- Make mealmetrics-central-bucket public and create a folder with a pseudo-randomized suffix name. - Share the folder with the Reports team.
You are responsible for connecting two different teams within your organization that manage two distinct applications. Each application is running on its own group of Compute Engine instances across two separate GCP projects. Each group of instances resides in its own VPC, and now these instances need to communicate with each other. What should you do?;- Verify that both projects are part of a GCP Organization. - Share the VPC from one project and allow the Compute Engine instances in the other project to use this shared VPC.;- Verify that both projects are part of a GCP Organization. - Create a new VPC and add all instances.;- Verify that you are the Project Administrator of both projects. - Create two new VPCs and add all instances.;- Verify that you are the Project Administrator of both projects. - Create a new VPC and add all instances.
You are tasked with providing a cost estimate for a cloud-based logistics tracking system that runs on a Kubernetes cluster using the GCP pricing calculator. The system handles real-time data processing and requires high IOPs, along with the need for disk snapshots for backups. You begin by entering the number of nodes, the average hours of operation per day, and the number of active days per month. What should you do next?;- Fill in local SSD. - Fill in persistent disk storage and snapshot storage.;- Fill in local SSD. - Add estimated cost for cluster management.;- Select Add GPUs. - Fill in persistent disk storage and snapshot storage.;- Select Add GPUs. - Add estimated cost for cluster management.
You are part of a team at a new travel app startup that helps users book eco-friendly travel options. Your team is testing out different Kubernetes YAML configurations for one of the microservices in the app. You've run the below command. It was noticed that one of the pods is stuck in a PENDING state. You’ve been assigned to troubleshoot the issue. What should you do next?;Inspect the pending pod travelbooking-deployment-x2y3z4-lm89d and look for warning messages.;Inspect the travelbooking-service Service object and look for error messages.;Inspect the travelbooking-deployment Deployment object and check for error messages.;View logs of the container in pending pod travelbooking-deployment-x2y3z4-lm89d and check for warning messages.
You are managing the infrastructure for an e-commerce website called ShopVerse, and you need to configure secure SSH access to a single Compute Engine instance for developers in the dev1 team. This particular instance hosts a microservice, and it is the only resource in this ShopVerse GCP project that the dev1 developers need to access. What should you do?;- Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. - Grant the dev1 team the compute.osLogin role. - Instruct them to use the Cloud Shell to SSH into the instance.;- Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. - Configure the service account to "no service account" for that instance. - Instruct them to use the Cloud Shell to SSH into the instance.;- Enable block project-wide SSH keys for the instance. - Generate an SSH key for each user in the dev1 team. - Distribute the keys and instruct the team to use their preferred third-party SSH tools to connect.;- Enable block project-wide SSH keys for the instance. - Generate a single SSH key and associate it with that instance. - Distribute the key to the dev1 team and instruct them to use their preferred third-party SSH tools to connect.
You need to launch a new virtual machine for a website called NoveltyExpress, but the project for this website hasn't been set up yet. What steps should you take?;Using the Cloud SDK, create a new project, enable the Compute Engine API in that project, and then create the instance specifying your new project.;Enable the Compute Engine API in the Cloud Console, use the Cloud SDK to create the instance, and then use the --project flag to specify a new project.;- Using the Cloud SDK, create the new instance, and use the --project flag to specify the new project. - Answer yes when prompted by Cloud SDK to enable the Compute Engine API.;- Enable the Compute Engine API in the Cloud Console. - Go to the Compute Engine section of the Console to create a new instance, and look for the Create In A New Project option in the creation form.
A startup called SparkThreads runs a complex data processing task on an on-premises server that takes about 40 hours to complete. This task is performed monthly, can run without user interaction, and must restart if interrupted. SparkThreads wants to move this workload to the cloud while keeping costs as low as possible. What approach should they take?;- Migrate the workload to a Compute Engine VM. - Start and stop the instance as needed.;Migrate the workload to a Compute Engine Preemptible VM.;Migrate the workload to a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster with Preemptible nodes.;- Create an Instance Template with Preemptible VMs ON. - Create a Managed Instance Group from the template and adjust Target CPU Utilization. - Migrate the workload.
Your company runs a platform that rents out specialized drones to agricultural businesses for monitoring crop health and irrigation needs. Each drone is equipped with multiple sensors that transmit event data every few seconds. The data includes information such as flight status, distance covered, battery level, and camera feeds. Customers are charged based on the metrics collected by these sensors. You anticipate high throughput, with thousands of events being generated every hour by each drone. You need to retrieve consistent data based on the event's timestamp, and each signal update should be atomic. How should you handle this?;Ingest the data into Cloud Bigtable and create a row key based on the event's timestamp.;Create a file in Cloud Storage for each drone and append new data to the file.;Create a file in Cloud Filestore for each drone and append new data to the file.;Ingest the data into Datastore and store it in an entity group organized by the drone.
You work for a growing e-commerce platform, "ShopZen," which uses BigQuery to analyze customer behavior and sales trends. You are about to run an important query to understand customer purchase patterns, but you expect the query to return a large number of records. Since ShopZen is using on-demand pricing, you want to figure out how much running the query will cost. What should you do?;- Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes read. - Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.;- Arrange to switch to Flat-Rate pricing for this query. - Then move back to on-demand.;- Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes returned. - Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.;- Run a “select count (*)” to get an idea of how many records your query will look through. - Then convert that number of rows to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.
A company called "QuickFoodz" has developed a food delivery application that is packaged into a Docker image. They want to deploy this Docker image as a workload on Google Kubernetes Engine. What steps should they take?;Upload the image to the Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.;Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;Upload the image to the Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.
Techventure Corp, a startup developing a new social networking app, has asked you to set up the billing configuration for their newly adopted Google Cloud environment. They want to ensure that resources with similar access and permission settings can be easily managed together. How should you approach this?;Use folders to group resources that share common IAM policies.;Use labels to group resources that share common IAM policies.;Set up a proper billing account structure to group IAM policies.;Set up a proper project naming structure to group IAM policies.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new application called "Taskify" which helps users organize their daily to-do lists. You've deployed several Linux-based virtual machines on Compute Engine to run backend services for Taskify. Over the next few weeks, you plan to expand and add more instances. You need to ensure that you can connect to all these instances securely via SSH from your local machine, but without exposing public IP addresses for any of the Compute Engine instances. What should you do?;Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for SSH and TCP resources;Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for HTTPS resources;Create an SSH keypair and store the public key as a project-wide SSH Key.;Create an SSH keypair and store the private key as a project-wide SSH Key.
The fictional company “StellarWeb Solutions” has three projects: Apollo, Luna, and Nova. They need to set up monitoring for application performance on these projects as a unified view. The team wants to track metrics such as CPU, memory, and disk usage across all three projects. What is the best course of action?;Enable the API, create a workspace under Apollo, and add Luna and Nova projects to it.;Enable the necessary API and then share individual charts from Apollo, Luna, and Nova.;Enable the API and grant the metrics.reader role to the Apollo, Luna, and Nova projects.;Enable the API and use default dashboards to monitor each project in sequence.
You are managing a group of services in a Kubernetes Engine cluster for a fictional mobile app called PixelMagic. One of the services is responsible for processing high-resolution images for users, which requires a large amount of CPU but not as much memory. The other services handle routine tasks such as account management and notifications and are optimized for n1-standard machine types. You want to make sure all of these services are using resources efficiently to keep your infrastructure costs down while maintaining performance. What should you do?;- Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the image processing service. - Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the other services.;Assign the pods of the image processing service a higher pod priority than the other services.;- Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the image processing service. - Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the other services.;- Configure the required amount of CPU and memory in the resource requests specification of the image processing service deployment. - Keep the resource requests for the other services at the default.
A growing tech startup, WebTech Solutions, has developed a cloud-based collaboration app called CollabHub. The team has decided to create a secure and reliable Virtual Private Network (VPN) connection between their new Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and an external data center. Key considerations include using dynamic routing, working with an IP address range of 10.108.0.1/22, and ensuring that no extra tunnels are set up during failover. The company wants to follow Google's best practices to ensure high availability for the Cloud VPN. What steps should they take?;- Use a custom mode VPC network - Use Cloud Router border gateway protocol (BGP) routes - Use active/passive routing.;- Use a custom mode VPC network - Configure static routes - Use active/passive routing.;- Use an automatic mode VPC network - Configure static routes - Use active/active routing.;- Use an automatic mode VPC network - Use Cloud Router border gateway protocol (BGP) routes - Configure policy-based routing.
You have developed a new mobile app called EcoShop, which integrates with several Google Cloud services. The app works seamlessly on your local development environment using Application Default Credentials for authentication. Now, you plan to move EcoShop to a Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) and want to configure authentication using Google-recommended practices while making minimal changes. What should you do?;Assign appropriate access for Google services to the service account used by the Compute Engine VM.;- Create a service account with appropriate access for Google services - Configure the application to use this account.;- Store credentials for service accounts with appropriate access for Google services in a config file - Deploy this config file with your application.;- Store credentials for your user account with appropriate access for Google services in a config file - Deploy this config file with your application.
You are managing a dashboard for a fictional online marketplace app, "ShopSmart", that uses Data Studio to visualize sales data from a data warehouse built on top of BigQuery. Throughout the day, new transactions are appended to the data warehouse, and at night, the summary table of daily sales is recalculated and overwritten. You recently noticed that the sales charts on your dashboard have stopped displaying properly, and you need to investigate the issue. What should you do?;Use the BigQuery interface to review the nightly job and look for any errors.;Review the Error Reporting page in the Cloud Console to find any errors.;Use Cloud Debugger to find out why the data was not refreshed correctly.;In Cloud Logging, create a filter for your Data Studio report.
You are developing a global e-learning platform that tracks user progress and stores course completion data in a database. As the platform grows in popularity, you're concerned about ensuring consistent performance. You need to provide an optimal learning experience for users worldwide while keeping management tasks simple. What should you do?;Use Cloud Spanner to store user data associated with their course completion progress.;Use Cloud SQL with cross-region replication to store course completion data in the EU, US, and APAC regions.;Use BigQuery to store course completion data with a Redis on Memorystore instance in front to ensure global consistency.;Store course completion data in a Bigtable database partitioned by user ID.
You've set up the CloudCLI tool for managing the infrastructure of a new e-commerce platform, ByteMart, and you’ve also configured a proxy for secure communication. However, you’re concerned that your proxy credentials might be logged in the CLI tool’s logs, and you want to ensure that sensitive information remains secure. How can you prevent your proxy credentials from being logged?;Set the CLOUDSDK_PROXY_USERNAME and CLOUDSDK_PROXY_PASSWORD properties using environment variables in your system's command line tool.;Configure username and password by using the “gcloud config set proxy/username” and “gcloud config set proxy/password” commands.;Encode your username and password using sha256, save them in a text file, and set that file as a value in the “gcloud config set core/custom_ca_certs_file command”.;Provide values for CLOUDSDK_PROXY_USERNAME and CLOUDSDK_PROXY_PASSWORD directly in the gcloud CLI configuration file.
Your company has built an online food delivery platform called "QuickEats" which runs on Google Kubernetes Engine. Some microservices, like recommendation engines, can tolerate downtime, while others, such as order processing, must remain available at all times. You are tasked with configuring a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster in a cost-efficient way. What should you do?;- Create a cluster with both a Spot VM node pool and a node pool using standard VMs. - Deploy the critical deployments on the node pool using standard VMs and the fault-tolerant deployments on the Spot VM node pool.;- Create a cluster with a single node pool using standard VMs. - Label the fault-tolerant Deployments as spot_true.;- Create a cluster with a single node pool using Spot VMs. - Label the critical Deployments as spot_false.;- Create a cluster with both a Spot VM node pool and a node pool using standard VMs. - Deploy the critical deployments on the Spot VM node pool and the fault-tolerant deployments on the node pool using standard VMs.
You are managing a popular e-learning platform called LearnMate. You want to deploy a new version of the platform’s backend using serverless technology in Google Cloud. However, before fully rolling it out, you want to test this new version with a small percentage of your production users to ensure it functions as expected. What should you do?;- Deploy the application to Cloud Run. - Use gradual rollouts for traffic splitting.;- Deploy the application to Google Kubernetes Engine. - Use Anthos Service Mesh for traffic splitting.;- Deploy the application to Cloud Functions. - Specify the version number in the function’s name.;- Deploy the application to App Engine. - For each new version, create a new service.
Your company, EverGlow Apps, has a critical online marketplace application running on a specific Compute Engine instance within your Google Cloud project. As part of EverGlow Apps' security vulnerability management policy, a security team member needs to have visibility into potential vulnerabilities and other OS metadata for this instance. You need to ensure that the policy is correctly implemented to maintain the security of the application. What steps should you take?;- Ensure that the OS Config agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Provide the security team member roles/osconfig.vulnerabilityReportViewer permission.;- Ensure that the Ops Agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Create a custom metric in the Cloud Monitoring dashboard. - Provide the security team member with access to this dashboard.;- Ensure that the Ops Agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Provide the security team member roles/osconfig.inventoryViewer permission.;- Ensure that the OS Config agent is installed on the Compute Engine instance. - Create a log sink to a BigQuery dataset. - Provide the security team member with access to this dataset.
You are working for a fictional e-commerce platform called "ShopEase" that provides a seamless shopping experience to customers worldwide. Your development team is preparing to deploy new features to an existing Cloud Run service that powers the platform's product recommendation engine. To reduce risks associated with the deployment of a new revision, you want to minimize the number of customers affected by potential outages, while ensuring there are no additional costs for your customers. You also want to adhere to Google-recommended practices for managing service revisions. What should you do?;Gradually roll out the new revision and split customer traffic between the revisions to allow rollback in case a problem occurs.;Ask your customers to retry accessing the recommendation engine with exponential backoff to mitigate any potential issues after the new revision is deployed.;Send all customer traffic to the new revision and roll back to a previous revision if issues arise in production.;Deploy your recommendation engine to a second Cloud Run service and ask your customers to use the second service.
You are developing a fitness tracking app called FitPulse, which stores relational data from users such as workout sessions, health stats, and personal profiles. Users from all over the world will be using this app, but the potential size of the user base is unpredictable. The CTO is concerned about the app’s ability to scale efficiently without requiring significant configuration updates as more users join. You need to choose a database solution that can grow seamlessly with your app’s increasing user base. Which storage solution would be the most appropriate?;Cloud Spanner;Cloud SQL;Firestore;Bigtable
A company called BrightTech has deployed a web application on a Compute Engine instance. An external contractor needs access to the Linux-based instance to perform maintenance tasks. The contractor is connected to BrightTech's corporate network through a VPN, but they do not have a Google account. What should you do?;- Instruct the external contractor to generate an SSH key pair, and request the public key from the contractor. - Add the public key to the instance yourself, and have the contractor access the instance through SSH with their private key.;Instruct the external contractor to use the “gcloud compute ssh” command line tool by using Identity-Aware Proxy to access the instance.;Instruct the external contractor to use the “gcloud compute ssh” command line tool by using the public IP address of the instance to access it.;- Instruct the external contractor to generate an SSH key pair, and request the private key from the contractor. - Add the private key to the instance yourself, and have the contractor access the instance through SSH with their public key.
After a recent breach of its mobile shopping platform, your fictional company, SnapShop, is seeking better visibility into activity within its Google Cloud environment. Specifically, they want to monitor any unexpected changes to firewall rules and the creation of new virtual machines. SnapShop favors straightforward and uncomplicated solutions. What should you do?;- Use Cloud Logging filters to create log-based metrics for firewall and instance actions. - Monitor the changes and set up reasonable alerts.;- Create a log sink to forward Cloud Audit Logs filtered for firewalls and compute instances to Cloud Storage. - Use BigQuery to periodically analyze log events in the storage bucket.;- Install Kibana on a compute instance. - Create a log sink to forward Cloud Audit Logs filtered for firewalls and compute instances to Pub/Sub. - Target the Pub/Sub topic to push messages to the Kibana instance. - Analyze the logs on Kibana in real-time.;Turn on Google Cloud firewall rules logging, and set up alerts for any insert, update, or delete events.
Your company, FinTechGuru, has developed a financial data processing application running on a managed instance group in Compute Engine. This application handles TCP traffic on port 389 and needs to ensure that the original IP address of clients sending requests is preserved. You plan to make this application accessible to the internet through a load balancer. What should you do?;Expose the application by using an external TCP Network Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using a TCP Proxy Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using an SSL Proxy Load Balancer.;Expose the application by using an internal TCP Network Load Balancer.
You are setting up service accounts for a new mobile app called "QuickServe" that spans across multiple projects. Virtual machines (VMs) operating within the "QuickServe-frontend" project need access to BigQuery datasets stored in the "QuickServe-database" project. To adhere to Google-recommended best practices, how should you configure access for the service account in the "QuickServe-frontend" project?;Grant roles/bigquery.dataViewer role to QuickServe-database and appropriate roles to QuickServe-frontend.;Grant "project owner" for QuickServe-frontend the necessary roles in QuickServe-database.;Grant "project owner" role to both the QuickServe-database and QuickServe-frontend projects.;Grant "project owner" role to QuickServe-database and assign roles/bigquery.dataViewer role to QuickServe-frontend.
Your startup, "DataStream Analytics," operates a data processing platform on a single Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network within a single subnetwork that has a range of 10.18.20.128/25. The subnetwork has no available private IP addresses. You need to add new virtual machines (VMs) that will be able to communicate with your existing platform’s cluster while using the minimum number of steps. What should you do?;Modify the existing subnet range to 10.18.20.0/24.;Create a new Secondary IP Range in the VPC and configure the VMs to use that range.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs. - Enable VPC Peering between the VMs' VPC network and the platform’s cluster VPC network.;- Create a new VPC network for the VMs with a subnet of 10.18.21.0/24. - Enable VPC network Peering between the platform’s VPC network and the VMs' VPC network. - Configure a custom Route exchange.
You have developed a fitness tracking app called FitPulse, and you manage the backend using Google Cloud's Compute Engine. Most of the virtual machines supporting FitPulse are hosted in the europe-west1-d zone. You've installed and authenticated the gcloud CLI to manage these instances, but you'd like to avoid manually specifying the zone every time you run a command to manage your VMs. What should you do?;Set the europe-west1-d zone as the default zone using the gcloud config subcommand.;In the Settings page for Compute Engine under Default location, set the zone to europe-west1-d.;In the CLI installation directory, create a file called default.conf containing zone=europe-west1-d.;Create a Metadata entry on the Compute Engine page with key compute/zone and value europe-west1-d.
You are developing a new social media platform for food enthusiasts called "TasteShare." You are looking for a Jenkins installation to build and deploy your platform's code. To streamline this process, you want to automate the Jenkins installation as quickly and easily as possible. What should you do?;Deploy Jenkins through the Google Cloud Marketplace.;- Create a new Compute Engine instance. - Run the Jenkins executable.;- Create a new Kubernetes Engine cluster. - Create a deployment for the Jenkins image.;- Create an instance template with the Jenkins executable. - Create a managed instance group with this template.
Your company, SwiftMedia Solutions, operates several different apps on Google Cloud across various departments. The Marketing department has launched a new app called AdWave, and you need to ensure that the Marketing team is billed only for the Google Cloud services they use for this app. What should you do?;1. Verify that you are assigned the Billing Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud Project related to the Marketing department. 2. Link the new project for AdWave to a Marketing Billing Account.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Billing Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project specifically for AdWave. 3. Set the default key-value project labels to department:marketing for all services in this project.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Organization Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project for AdWave. 3. Link the new project to a Marketing Billing Account.;1. Verify that you are assigned the Organization Administrator IAM role for SwiftMedia's Google Cloud account. 2. Create a new Google Cloud Project for AdWave. 3. Set the default key-value project labels to department:marketing for all services in this project.
You are launching a new travel booking app called WanderWays on Google Cloud that requires a relational database for storing user data and booking information. To comply with WanderWays’ security policies, the application must connect to the database via an encrypted and authenticated connection. The solution should minimize administrative overhead and seamlessly integrate with Google Cloud’s Identity and Access Management (IAM). What should you do?;- Deploy a Cloud SQL database and configure IAM database authentication. - Access the database through the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy.;- Deploy a Cloud SQL database with the SSL mode set to encrypted only - Configure SSL/TLS client certificates - Set up a database user and password.;- Deploy a Cloud SQL database with the SSL mode set to encrypted only - Configure SSL/TLS client certificates - Configure IAM database authentication.;- Deploy a Cloud SQL database and configure a database user and password. - Access the database through the Cloud SQL Auth Proxy.
Your company, CloudSnap Technologies, manages all service accounts in a project called central-sa. You need to enable a service account from central-sa to take snapshots of virtual machines (VMs) running in a separate project called prod-vm. What steps should you take to achieve this?;Grant the service account the IAM role of Compute Storage Admin in the project called prod-vm.;Download the private key from the service account and add it to each VM’s custom metadata.;Download the private key from the service account and add it to each VM’s SSH keys.;When creating the VMs, set the service account's API scope for Compute Engine to read/write.
A tech startup called GlazeTech is building a new application that relies on Google Cloud Spanner to manage its data. The team needs to grant access to three developers so they can both view and modify table data within a Cloud Spanner instance. What should you do to ensure they have the correct permissions?;- Run “gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.databaseUser”. - Add the developers to a new group. - Add the group to the role.;- Run “gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.databaseUser”. - Add the developers to the role.;- Run “gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.viewer --project glaze-project”. - Add the developers to the role.;- Run “gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.viewer --project glaze-project”. - Add the developers to a new group. - Add the group to the role.
You are the lead developer for a new social media platform, InstaFriends, which allows users to create and share short video stories. You’ve just deployed a new Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster to manage the platform’s backend services. To ensure that your cluster consistently operates on a supported and stable version of Kubernetes, what should you do?;Enable the Node Auto-Upgrades feature for your GKE cluster.;Enable the Node Auto-Repair feature for your GKE cluster.;Select the latest available cluster version for your GKE cluster.;Select “Container-Optimized OS (cos)” as a node image for your GKE cluster.
TechCraft is a fictional company that has developed a new social media app called SnapWave. The app is hosted on Google Cloud and has gained popularity quickly, requiring TechCraft to scale up its infrastructure. They have set up an instance group to handle traffic, and they want to ensure that traffic to their web application, which is served over HTTPS, is properly load-balanced. TechCraft also wants the load balancer to terminate the SSL session at the load balancer itself, following Google-recommended practices. What should TechCraft do?;Configure an HTTP(S) load balancer.;Configure an internal TCP load balancer.;Configure an external SSL proxy load balancer.;Configure an external TCP proxy load balancer.
Your company, Horizon Games, operates an online multiplayer gaming platform, and all of your on-premises servers are running at full capacity due to high user demand. You want to expand your operations to Google Cloud to handle the additional load. It's essential that the workloads running in Google Cloud can communicate directly with your on-premises servers using a private IP range, as some services require low-latency, private communication. What should you do?;Set up Cloud VPN between the infrastructure on-premises and Google Cloud.;In Google Cloud, configure the VPC as a host for Shared VPC.;In Google Cloud, configure the VPC for VPC Network Peering.;Create bastion hosts both in your on-premises environment and on Google Cloud. Configure both as proxy servers using their public IP addresses.
Your company, FinAnalyze, has been using BigQuery as a core part of its data analysis infrastructure. Over the years, various teams within the organization have created over 1000 datasets spread across numerous GCP projects. Your CTO has asked you to review all these datasets and identify any tables that contain a column named customer_id. You want to approach this task efficiently and with minimal manual effort. What should you do?;Use Data Catalog to search for customer_id in the search box.;Create a shell script that leverages the bq command line tool to loop through all the projects in your organization.;Develop a script that loops through all projects and queries the INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS view to locate the customer_id column.;Write a Cloud Dataflow job that loops through all projects and queries the INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS view to find the customer_id column.
You are the lead DevOps engineer at a new online recipe-sharing platform called DishDojo. You’ve deployed your application on a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster, which consists of a single preemptible node pool. To check the status of your app, you run the below command. The app is configured as a deployment resource with two replicas. Upon reviewing the output, you observe that one pod is in a Running status while the second one remains in a Pending state. What could be causing this issue?;There are too many Pods running on the cluster already, leaving insufficient resources to schedule the pending Pod.;The pending Pod is requesting more resources than what a single node in the cluster can provide.;The node pool’s service account does not have the necessary permissions to pull the container images required by the pending Pod.;Preemptible nodes are in use, and the pod might have been running on a node that was preempted. The pod will be rescheduled on a new node.
Your company, QuickBites, has a web app that helps users order food from local restaurants. The app is hosted using Google Cloud's App Engine, and it was originally configured to run in the us-central1 region. However, due to increasing demand from users in Asia, you now want the app to be served from the asia-northeast1 region. What should you do?;- Create a new GCP project and create an App Engine application inside this new project. - Specify asia-northeast1 as the region to serve your application.;Change the default region property setting in the existing GCP project to asia-northeast1.;Change the region property setting in the existing App Engine application from us-central1 to asia-northeast1.;- Create a second App Engine application in the existing GCP project. - Specify asia-northeast1 as the region to serve your application.
You are deploying a file-sharing application called ShareSync to a Compute Engine VM within a managed instance group. The ShareSync app must be available at all times to users, but only one instance of the VM should be active across the entire GCP project. How would you configure the instance group for this requirement?;- Set autoscaling to Off - set the minimum number of instances to 1 - set the maximum number of instances to 1;- Set autoscaling to On - Set the minimum number of instances to 1 - Set the maximum number of instances to 1;- Set autoscaling to On - Set the minimum number of instances to 1 - Set the maximum number of instances to 2;- Set autoscaling to Off - Set the minimum number of instances to 1 - Set the maximum number of instances to 2
You have been hired as a cloud engineer for a fictional company called SkyApp, which runs a cloud-based weather forecasting service. You need to verify the IAM users and roles assigned within a GCP project named skyapp-weather. What should you do?;- Navigate to the project and then to the IAM section in the GCP Console. - Review the members and roles.;- Run “gcloud iam roles list”. - Review the output section.;- Run “gcloud iam service-accounts list”. - Review the output section.;- Navigate to the project and then to the Roles section in the GCP Console. - Review the roles and status.
You are managing the cloud infrastructure for a company called "SnapDine," a fictional app that allows users to share real-time restaurant recommendations. You need to create a new billing account and link it with an existing Google Cloud Platform project that manages SnapDine's backend services. What steps should you take?;- Verify that you are the Project Billing Manager for the GCP project. - Create a new billing account and link the new billing account to the existing project.;- Verify that you are the Project Billing Manager for the GCP project. - Update the existing project to link it to the existing billing account.;- Verify that you are the Billing Administrator for the billing account. - Create a new project and link the new project to the existing billing account.;- Verify that you are the Billing Administrator for the billing account. - Update the existing project to link it to the existing billing account.
Your company, InstaInsights, developed a popular analytics platform that processes data from various sources using BigQuery as its main data warehouse. Different teams from sales, marketing, and finance departments frequently run queries on the data. However, you have noticed that the costs associated with these queries are becoming excessive, and you need to implement strategies to control these expenses. Which two methods would be most effective in reducing costs?;Apply custom query quotas for BigQuery at the user or project level;Switch from an on-demand pricing model to a flat-rate pricing model and allocate slots appropriately for predictable spending.;Split the users from different departments into multiple projects.;Create separate instances of your BigQuery data warehouse for each department.;Divide your BigQuery data warehouse into smaller, separate data warehouses for each department.
Imagine you are developing a cloud-based platform called CodeHive, where different clients can run their own code in isolated environments. Each client has a dedicated pod running on a shared Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster. Since clients can execute arbitrary code within their respective pods, your goal is to enhance the isolation between these environments to maintain security and separation. What is the best way to ensure the maximum level of isolation between your clients' pods?;- Set up a GKE node pool with gvisor as the sandbox type. - Configure your clients' pods to use gvisor by adding the runtimeClassName: gvisor parameter to their specifications.;Use Binary Authorization to whitelist only the container images that are allowed to run inside your clients' pods.;Use the Container Analysis API to identify vulnerabilities in the containers running your clients' code.;- Use the cos_containerd image for your GKE nodes. - Add a nodeSelector specifying cloud.google.com/gke-os-distribution: cos_containerd in the pod specifications.
You are managing a global platform called PixelWear, which allows users worldwide to design and customize their own apparel. Lately, you've observed that some of the users are experiencing read latency issues when accessing data from a particular table. The data is primarily accessed using the primary key. The table schema is given below. What should you do to resolve the performance issues?;Make sure the primary key does not have monotonically increasing values.;avatar_image is a byte field. Removing it will improve performance.;Add a new secondary index on the designer_id column.;Use the Data Definition Language (DDL) to create a secondary index and access it via the primary key.
The accounting department at ZenoTech, a startup that provides AI-driven home automation systems, needs to access the billing report for all ZenoTech projects. However, you want to ensure that they only have access to the billing information without receiving any additional permissions to modify or manage project resources. What should you do?;Add the group for the accounting department to roles/billing.viewer role.;Add the group for the accounting department to roles/billing.user role.;Add the group for the accounting department to roles/billing.admin role.;Add the group for the accounting department to roles/billing.projectManager role.
PlutoNet, a company specializing in social media analytics, has strict requirements to control access to its Google Cloud projects. You need to ensure that your Site Reliability Engineers (SREs) can approve requests from the Google Cloud support team whenever an SRE opens a support case. You want to follow Google-recommended best practices for handling these approvals. What should you do?;Add your SREs to a group and then add this group to roles/accessapproval.approver role.;Add your SREs to roles/iam.roleAdmin role.;Add your SREs to roles/accessapproval.approver role.;Add your SREs to a group and then add this group to roles/iam.roleAdmin role.
You are managing the infrastructure of an online platform called "SkylineStream," which operates a video streaming service across several regions. The resources for this platform are spread across different Google Cloud projects. You want to consolidate monitoring for all these projects under one unified Stackdriver Monitoring dashboard. How would you achieve this?;Configure a single Stackdriver Monitoring account, and link all projects to the same account.;Use Shared VPC to connect all projects, and link Stackdriver Monitoring to one of the projects.;- For each project, create a Stackdriver account. - In each project, create a service account for that project and grant it the role of Stackdriver Account Editor in all other projects.;- Configure a single Stackdriver Monitoring account for one of the projects. - In Stackdriver, create a Group and add the other project names as criteria for that Group.
You are assisting a small tech startup, Codify Inc, which is launching a new productivity app hosted on a virtual private cloud (VPC) behind a firewall. The team is concerned about controlling data leaving the VPC (egress traffic) to ensure security. You need to configure the fewest number of open egress ports while keeping the app functional. What is the best way to achieve this?;Set up a low-priority (65534) rule that blocks all egress and a high-priority rule (1000) that allows only the appropriate ports.;Set up a high-priority (1000) rule that pairs both ingress and egress ports.;Set up a high-priority (1000) rule that blocks all egress and a low-priority (65534) rule that allows only the appropriate ports.;Set up a high-priority (1000) rule to allow the appropriate ports.
Your team at TrendyPix, a fictional photo-sharing app, is working on a new feature that should automatically process images whenever a user uploads a file to your Cloud Storage bucket. You have written a code snippet that will handle this image processing, and now you need to deploy it to ensure it gets triggered every time a new image is uploaded. What should you do?;Use Cloud Functions and configure the bucket as a trigger resource.;Use App Engine and configure Cloud Scheduler to trigger the application using Pub/Sub.;Use Google Kubernetes Engine and configure a CronJob to trigger the application using Pub/Sub.;Use Dataflow as a batch job, and configure the bucket as a data source.
Your team at a fictional company, BlueSkies Tech, has recently expanded its user base, and you want to track when users were added to specific Cloud Spanner Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles for better governance. You need to find this information using the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Console. What should you do?;Go to the Stackdriver Logging console, review admin activity logs, and filter them for Cloud Spanner IAM roles.;Open the Cloud Spanner console to review configurations.;Open the IAM & admin console to review IAM policies for Cloud Spanner roles.;Go to the Stackdriver Monitoring console and review information for Cloud Spanner.
TechCorp, a startup specializing in data analytics, is working on a new cloud-based app called DataSnap. The app collects large amounts of data from IoT devices and stores them in Cloud Storage buckets. The data is written once and accessed frequently for the first 30 days, after which it becomes rarely accessed unless required for a specific audit or review. However, for compliance reasons, the data must be retained for a total of three years. Your goal is to configure an Object Lifecycle Management policy that minimizes storage costs while meeting these requirements. What should you do?;Set up a policy that uses Standard storage for 30 days and then moves to Archive storage for three years.;Set up a policy that uses Nearline storage for 30 days and then moves to Archive storage for three years.;Set up a policy that uses Nearline storage for 30 days, then moves to Coldline for one year, and then moves to Archive storage for two years.;Set up a policy that uses Standard storage for 30 days, then moves to Coldline for one year, and then moves to Archive storage for two years.
Treetop Technologies, a startup that manages wildlife monitoring data, needs to store sensitive information in a Cloud Storage bucket. Due to strict legal regulations, they must ensure that every request to read the stored data is recorded for auditing purposes. They need a solution that ensures compliance with these requirements. What should they do?;Enable Data Access audit logs for the Cloud Storage API.;Enable the Identity Aware Proxy API on the project.;Scan the bucket using the Data Loss Prevention API.;Allow only a single Service Account access to read the data.
You are the IT manager for a startup called "NextStep Innovations," which focuses on building cutting-edge productivity apps. You have a team of 10 developers, and you've provided each of them with their own Google Cloud project as a personal sandbox to test new app features and experiment with various cloud services. Your goal is to be alerted if any of the developers exceed $650 in monthly spending on their sandbox environments. What should you do?;Create a budget per project and configure budget alerts on all of these budgets.;Create a single budget for all projects and configure budget alerts on this budget.;- Create a separate billing account per sandbox project and enable BigQuery billing exports. - Create a Data Studio dashboard to plot the spending per billing account.;- Create a single billing account for all sandbox projects and enable BigQuery billing exports. - Create a Data Studio dashboard to plot the spending per project.
A company called BrightWave is deploying its customer-facing web application on Compute Engine. The team wants to ensure that no one accidentally deletes a virtual machine instance by mistakenly clicking a button in the management console. How can they prevent this from happening?;Enable delete protection on the instance.;Disable the option "Delete boot disk when instance is deleted.";Disable Automatic restart on the instance.;Enable Preemptibility on the instance.
Metaverse Magic, a rapidly growing virtual world platform, relies heavily on various Google Cloud services that are managed within a single production project. Each development team has its own separate projects for testing and development environments. The Operations team, responsible for deployment and monitoring, needs access to all services in the production project to perform their duties effectively. To ensure security and prevent unintended permission escalation caused by future updates to Google Cloud products, you want to apply the best practices recommended by Google. What should you do?;- Create a custom role that combines the required permissions. - Grant the Operations team the custom role on the production project.;Grant all members of the Operations team the role of Project Editor on the organization level.;Grant all members of the Operations team the role of Project Editor on the production project.;- Create a custom role that combines the required permissions. - Grant the Operations team the custom role on the organization level.
You are working with a digital photo-sharing app called SnapSave, which allows users to store and archive their high-resolution images. SnapSave needs to ensure compliance with local data regulations by storing all user photos in a single geographic region. After 30 days of being uploaded, these images are considered archived, but they must be accessible once a year for viewing. How should you configure the storage solution for SnapSave?;- Select Regional Storage. - Add a bucket lifecycle rule that archives data after 30 days to Coldline Storage.;- Select Multi-Regional Storage. - Add a bucket lifecycle rule that archives data after 30 days to Coldline Storage.;- Select Multi-Regional Storage. - Add a bucket lifecycle rule that archives data after 30 days to Nearline Storage.;- Select Regional Storage. - Add a bucket lifecycle rule that archives data after 30 days to Nearline Storage.
Your startup, SolarWaveTech, manages its Linux workloads on Compute Engine instances. You are collaborating with a new maintenance partner who does not use Google Accounts. You need to provide access to the Compute Engine instances so the partner can maintain the existing software and tools. What should you do?;- Ask the maintenance partner to generate SSH key pairs. - Add the public keys to the VM instances.;- Enable Cloud IAP for the Compute Engine instances. - Add the maintenance partner as a Cloud IAP Tunnel User.;- Tag all the instances with the same network tag. - Create a firewall rule in the VPC to grant TCP access on port 22 for traffic from the maintenance partner to instances with the network tag.;Set up a Cloud VPN between your Google Cloud VPC and the internal network of the maintenance partner.
You are working on a task management web app called TaskHive, which runs on App Engine. TaskHive needs to send and receive messages using Cloud Pub/Sub for managing task notifications. However, you discover that the Cloud Pub/Sub API is disabled for your project. You plan to use a service account to authenticate TaskHive to the Cloud Pub/Sub API. What steps should you take to ensure TaskHive can use Cloud Pub/Sub?;Enable the Cloud Pub/Sub API in the API Library on the GCP Console.;Rely on the automatic enablement of the Cloud Pub/Sub API when the Service Account accesses it.;- Use Deployment Manager to deploy your application. - Rely on the automatic enablement of all APIs used by the application being deployed.;- Grant the App Engine Default service account the role of Cloud Pub/Sub Admin. - Have your application enable the API on the first connection to Cloud Pub/Sub.
You manage an online booking platform called QuickStay, hosted on Cloud Run, which serves a few hundred users. Recently, some customers have reported that the initial load time of the homepage is significantly slower compared to the subsequent pages. You decide to follow Google's best practices to resolve the issue. What should you do?;Set the minimum number of instances for your Cloud Run service to 3.;Set the concurrency number to 1 for your Cloud Run service.;Set the maximum number of instances for your Cloud Run service to 100.;Update your web application to use the protocol HTTP/2 instead of HTTP/1.1.
You are developing a smart logistics tracking system for your global fleet management company. The tracking system collects data from millions of GPS devices and sensors installed in your vehicles, continuously streaming structured and unstructured data to your cloud infrastructure. Your goal is to create a highly available and resilient architecture following the best practices recommended by Google Cloud. What steps should you take?;Stream data to Pub/Sub, and use Dataflow to send data to Cloud Storage.;Stream data to Pub/Sub, and use Storage Transfer Service to send data to BigQuery.;Stream data to Dataflow, and use Dataprep by Trifacta to send data to Bigtable.;Stream data to Dataflow, and use Storage Transfer Service to send data to BigQuery.
You are working for a fictional fitness center called Peak Health Gym, which stores its member workout videos and training data in an on-premises data room. The gym wants to transition to using Cloud Storage for long-term archival storage of these videos. They also need an automated solution to upload any new workout videos to Cloud Storage as soon as they are generated. You are tasked with designing and implementing this solution. What should you do?;- Create a script that uses the gcloud storage command to synchronize the on-premises storage with Cloud Storage. - Schedule the script as a cron job.;- Create a Pub/Sub topic, and enable a Cloud Storage trigger for the Pub/Sub topic. - Create an application that sends all workout videos to the Pub/Sub topic.;- Create a Pub/Sub topic, and create a Cloud Function connected to the topic that writes data to Cloud Storage. - Create an application that sends all workout videos to the Pub/Sub topic.;- In the Google Cloud console, go to Cloud Storage. - Upload the relevant videos to the appropriate bucket.
Your startup, "EcoTech Innovations," is building a platform to monitor and optimize energy usage across multiple facilities. You want to streamline the process of deploying and managing numerous Google Cloud resources in a standardized way using Infrastructure as Code. The goal is to reduce redundant code and simplify the maintenance of your cloud environment. What should you do?;Develop templates for the environment using Cloud Deployment Manager.;Use curl in a terminal to send a REST request to the relevant Google API for each individual resource.;Use the Cloud Console interface to provision and manage all related resources.;Create a bash script that contains all requirement steps as gcloud commands.
TidalMart, a fictional online marketplace, runs a critical batch process on their local servers that takes around 20 hours to complete. This task is performed monthly, can operate offline, and must be restarted from the beginning if it gets interrupted. They are looking to move this process to the cloud in a way that reduces costs. What should TidalMart do?;- Create an Instance Template with Spot VMs enabled. - Set up a Managed Instance Group from the template and fine-tune the Target CPU Utilization. - Migrate the batch process.;- Move the batch process to a Compute Engine VM. - Manually start and stop the instance as required.;Transfer the process to a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster utilizing Spot nodes.;Migrate the batch process to a Compute Engine Spot VM.
TechWorld Solutions, a fictional e-commerce company, is planning to migrate its on-premises data management systems to Google Cloud. Their current setup is mentioned below. TechWorld wants to follow Google’s best practices for migration, ensuring that its new cloud infrastructure scales globally while requiring minimal operational management. What steps should TechWorld take to achieve this?;- Migrate from MySQL to Cloud Spanner - From Kafka to Pub/Sub - From PostgreSQL to BigQuery.;- Migrate from MySQL to Cloud SQL - From Kafka to Pub/Sub - From PostgreSQL to BigQuery.;- Migrate from MySQL to Cloud Spanner - From Kafka to Memorystore - From PostgreSQL to Cloud SQL.;- Migrate from MySQL to Cloud SQL - From Kafka to Memorystore - From PostgreSQL to Cloud SQL.
Your startup, QuickMeals, runs an important recipe recommendation engine on a single Compute Engine VM instance. Your company's business continuity guidelines require you to back up the entire disk of the VM daily. These backups must be kept for 7 days, and you need a solution that adheres to your security policies with minimal setup and management effort. What should you do?;Configure daily scheduled persistent disk snapshots with a retention period of 7 days.;Configure the instance to use persistent disk asynchronous replication.;Configure Cloud Scheduler to trigger a Cloud Function each day that creates a new machine image and deletes machine images that are older than 7 days.;- Configure a bash script using gsutil to run daily through a cron job. - Copy the disk’s files to a Cloud Storage bucket with an archive storage class and an object lifecycle rule to delete the objects after 7 days.
Your company, WebServe Solutions, requires that all services deployed in Google Cloud follow specific configurations to meet internal security policies. You need to set up a process that ensures software engineers can deploy and update Google Cloud services in a way that aligns with these pre-approved configurations. What should you do?;- Create Terraform modules using the Google Cloud Terraform Provider to configure Google Cloud services. - Store and share the modules in a source code repository.;- Create Java packages that use the Google Cloud Client Libraries for Java to configure Google Cloud services. - Store and share the packages in a source code repository.;- Create bash scripts that use the Google Cloud CLI to configure Google Cloud services. - Store and share the bash scripts in a source code repository.;- Use Google Cloud APIs with curl commands to configure Google Cloud services. - Store and share the curl commands in a source code repository.
You are the cloud administrator for a company called Vertex Innovations. You need to implement organization policies and log sinks on Vertex Innovations' cloud projects to align with security guidelines. The security requirements differ across the company's various divisions. Each division has a user with the Project Owner role assigned to their respective cloud projects. What should you do?;- Group projects into folders for each division. - Set both organization policies and log sinks at the folder level.;- Use a consistent project naming convention that includes the division name. - Set organization policies at the organization level and log sinks on the projects.;- Use a consistent project naming convention that includes the division name. - Set both organization policies and log sinks on the projects.;- Group projects into folders for each division. - Set organization policies at the organization level and log sinks at the folder level.
Imagine you’re building an application called FreshFiles, which allows vendors to upload inventory and pricing files for a marketplace. The primary goals for FreshFiles are to ensure data security by allowing each vendor to access only their own files, to limit file upload access to a 30-minute window, and to automatically delete files that are over 50 days old. Given a tight development timeline, the solution should be low-maintenance and efficient. Which two strategies would best achieve this?;Build a lifecycle policy to delete Cloud Storage objects after 50 days;Use signed URLs to allow vendors limited-time access for uploading their files.;Set up an SFTP server for FreshFiles, creating a separate user for each vendor.;Build a Cloud Function that starts a 50-day timer to delete files after expiration.;Develop a script that checks all Cloud Storage buckets and deletes files older than 50 days.
You are deploying a video streaming platform called StreamFlix using Compute Engine. You created a managed instance group (MIG) to host the platform's backend services. You want to follow Google-recommended practices to ensure StreamFlix is both secure and highly available. What should you do?;Use HTTP(S) load balancing for the MIG and an A record in your DNS public zone with the load balancer’s IP address.;Use SSL proxy load balancing for the MIG and an A record in your DNS private zone with the load balancer's IP address.;Use SSL proxy load balancing for the MIG and a CNAME record in your DNS public zone with the load balancer’s IP address.;Use HTTP(S) load balancing for the MIG and a CNAME record in your DNS private zone with the load balancer’s IP address.
Your company, VirtualMart, an online marketplace for digital goods, recently conducted an internal security review of its Google Cloud resources. During the audit, it was discovered that several users with email addresses outside of the VirtualMart corporate domain had access to sensitive resources. You want to ensure that only users with email addresses that match your company's domain can access your resources moving forward. Additionally, you want to avoid manually identifying and removing mismatched users from your current resources. What is the best approach?;Set an organizational policy constraint to limit access based on email domain, and then manually remove the existing users with mismatched domains.;- Create a Cloud Scheduler task to regularly scan your projects - Remove any users with email addresses that do not match the domain.;- Create a Cloud Scheduler task to regularly scan your resources - Remove any users with mismatched email addresses.;Set an organizational policy constraint to limit access based on email domain, automatically removing any users that do not match the domain.
Your company, ByteStream Studios, develops a range of apps, including the popular Skyboard task management app. The company has a policy requiring all developers to have the same permissions regardless of the project they are working on within your cloud environment. The security team also mandates that developer access should only include permissions to work on Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, and Cloud SQL resources. You want to ensure this policy is implemented efficiently, with the least amount of effort. What should you do?;- Add all developers to a Google group in Cloud Identity. - Create a custom role that includes permissions for Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, and Cloud SQL at the organization level. - Assign the custom role to the Google group.;- Create a custom role with Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, and Cloud SQL permissions in one project under ByteStream Studios' organization in Google Cloud. - Use the “gcloud iam roles copy” command to duplicate the role across all future projects within the organization. - Assign this role to developers in each project.;- Add all developers to a Google group using Google Groups for Workspace. - Assign the predefined Compute Admin role to the Google group at the organization level.;- Add all developers to a Google group in Cloud Identity. - Assign predefined roles for Compute Engine, Cloud Functions, and Cloud SQL for each project within ByteStream Studios' Google Cloud organization.
Your startup, "PixelStitch," develops a web-based design tool that lets users store and access graphic assets like photos and templates. A freelance designer on your team needs access to a specific project’s cloud resources to list available disk images and snapshots stored in Google Cloud for a new feature they're working on. To ensure security and follow Google's best practices, what should you do?;- Create a custom role, and add all the required compute.disks.list and compute.images.list permissions as includedPermissions. - Grant the custom role to the designer at the project level.;- Create a custom role based on the Compute Image User role. - Add the compute.disks.list to the includedPermissions field. - Grant the custom role to the designer at the project level.;- Create a custom role based on the Compute Storage Admin role. - Exclude unnecessary permissions from the custom role. - Grant the custom role to the designer at the project level.;Grant the Compute Storage Admin role at the project level.
You are managing several hundred microservices running in a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster for a social media platform called Snapify, where each microservice is a deployment with specific resource limits set for memory and CPU for each container. Recently, you've observed that many of these microservices are either over- or under-provisioned in terms of their resource limits. To ensure that all the microservices have optimal memory and CPU resource limits, you need to make the right adjustments. What should you do?;Configure a Vertical Pod Autoscaler for each microservice.;Modify the cluster's node pool machine type and choose a machine type with more memory and CPU.;Configure a Horizontal Pod Autoscaler for each microservice.;Configure GKE cluster autoscaling.
A startup named "OrderTrack" has developed an internal application that helps manage and process transactional orders for a chain of stores. This app is used solely by employees working from a single central office. The application needs strong consistency, quick query responses, and ACID compliance for transactions that span multiple tables. The current version of the app is built using PostgreSQL, and the team wants to move it to the cloud with minimal code modifications. Which Google Cloud database solution is the best fit for this scenario?;Cloud SQL;Bigtable;BigQuery;Firestore
Your company, TechNova Analytics, uses BigQuery to store and process large datasets for its data-driven web application. Recently, when submitting a query in BigQuery, it failed with a quotaExceeded error. You need to identify and resolve the cause of the error. What steps should you take? (Choose two.);Use the INFORMATION_SCHEMA views to investigate the underlying issue;Check Cloud Audit Logs for errors to understand the issue.;Use BigQuery BI Engine to analyze the issue.;Configure Cloud Trace to track the issue.;Review errors in Cloud Monitoring for more details on the issue.
Your team at StarLite Ventures has developed a stateless application for their new product, a social platform that connects freelancers with clients. The application will be run directly on virtual machines. Given the unpredictable user traffic, the platform needs to automatically scale its infrastructure based on demand. You are tasked with deploying this application to ensure it can handle varying amounts of traffic efficiently. What should you do?;Deploy the application on a managed instance group and configure autoscaling.;Deploy the application on a Kubernetes Engine cluster and configure node pool autoscaling.;Deploy the application on Cloud Functions and configure the maximum number of instances.;Deploy the application on Cloud Run and configure autoscaling.
A growing e-commerce platform, Shopalot, is looking to deploy a stateless inventory management web application. This application must be accessible only through an internal IP address, allowing secure connections from Shopalot’s private VPC and its on-premises network. The application’s code will be updated several times throughout the day, and the team wants to keep their cloud infrastructure management as simple as possible. Which solution would best meet their needs?;Deploy the web application on Cloud Run with Private Service Connect configured.;Deploy the web application on Google Kubernetes Engine standard edition with an internal ingress.;Deploy the web application on Cloud Run with Private Google Access configured.;Deploy the web application to GKE Autopilot with Private Google Access configured.
TechNova Inc. is facing an issue where they are running out of internal IP addresses in a subnet for their custom mode VPC. The subnet currently has the IP range 10.0.1.0/20, and the IP addresses are primarily allocated to their virtual machines. TechNova needs to ensure that there are enough IP addresses available for their growing number of virtual machines. What should TechNova do?;Change the subnet IP range from 10.0.1.0/20 to 10.0.1.0/18.;Add a secondary IP range 10.1.1.0/20 to the subnet.;Change the subnet IP range from 10.0.1.0/20 to 10.0.1.0/22.;Convert the subnet IP range from IPv4 to IPv6.
Imagine you are a data engineer at Scribbly, a popular online journaling app. Scribbly captures application logs using Cloud Logging to monitor user activity and app performance. Now, the team wants to use SQL to analyze these logs and gain insights into user trends, errors, and system performance. To ensure you're following Google-recommended practices, what approach should you take?;Enable Log Analytics for the log bucket and create a linked dataset in BigQuery.;Develop SQL queries by using Gemini for Google Cloud.;Create a schema for the storage bucket and run SQL queries for the data in the bucket.;Export logs to a storage bucket and create an external view in BigQuery.
Your mobile game platform, "PixelQuest," is hosted on Cloud Run and needs to interact with a Cloud SQL database to fetch player data. Every morning, during peak gaming hours, you notice API quota errors appearing in the Cloud SQL logs. Your project has already reached the maximum allowed API quota. You want to adjust the configuration to reduce the issue. What should you do?;Modify the maximum number of Cloud Run instances.;Modify the minimum number of Cloud Run instances.;Use traffic splitting.;Set a minimum concurrent requests environment variable for the application.
A new online art gallery platform, Artiverse, has 35 GB of high-resolution digital art stored in a single file that needs to be uploaded to their Nearline Storage bucket on Google Cloud. The team is working with a WAN connection rated at 1 Gbps, and there is no other traffic on this connection. To maximize the upload speed and utilize as much of the available 1 Gbps bandwidth as possible, what should Artiverse do to transfer the file efficiently?;B. Enable parallel composite uploads using gsutil on the file transfer.;A. Use the GCP Console to transfer the file instead of gsutil.;C. Decrease the TCP window size on the machine initiating the transfer.;D. Change the storage class of the bucket from Nearline to Multi-Regional.
You are managing a fleet of automated weather monitoring stations for a fictional company, WeatherWise Analytics. Each station runs on virtual machines in a managed instance group with autoscaling enabled to handle spikes in data processing. The autoscaling policy is set up so that if CPU utilization of the VMs exceeds 85%, additional instances are added to the group. Currently, HTTP health checks with an initial delay of 45 seconds are configured to verify instance availability. However, each VM takes about two minutes to become ready for data processing. You've noticed that when traffic increases and the instance group autoscales, it often adds more instances than necessary. You aim to balance the instance group size more accurately with user demand during autoscaling. What should you do?;D. Increase the initial delay of the HTTP health check to 200 seconds.;A. Set the maximum number of instances to 1.;B. Decrease the maximum number of instances to 3.;C. Use a TCP health check instead of an HTTP health check.
A new company called NightlyReportsCo runs an app that processes large sets of customer data every night. Each data processing task takes approximately 2 hours to complete and runs overnight. The company wants to reduce the overall cost of running these nightly batch-processing jobs. What should NightlyReportsCo do?;C. - Select Compute Engine. - Use preemptible VM instances of the appropriate standard machine type.;A. - Select Google Kubernetes Engine. - Use a single-node cluster with a small instance type.;B. - Select Google Kubernetes Engine. - Use a three-node cluster with micro instance types.;D. - Select Compute Engine. - Use VM instance types that support micro bursting.
You've been tasked with setting up 10 virtual servers for StreamFlow, a video streaming platform. These servers must remain available even during system maintenance. Additionally, if a server crashes, it should automatically restart. How should you configure the servers?;A. - Create an instance template for the servers. - Set the 'Automatic Restart' to on. - Set the 'On-host maintenance' to Migrate VM instance. - Add the instance template to an instance group.;B. - Create an instance template for the servers. - Set 'Automatic Restart' to off. - Set 'On-host maintenance' to Terminate VM instances. - Add the instance template to an instance group.;C. - Create an instance group for the servers. - Set the 'Autohealing' health check to healthy (HTTP).;D. - Create an instance group for the servers. - Verify that the 'Advanced creation options' setting for 'do not retry machine creation' is set to off.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new gaming app called PlayWorld. PlayWorld has two types of server environments: production and testing. You plan to deploy both types of servers on Compute Engine. The production servers need to be on a different subnet than the test servers. All servers must communicate with each other using Internal IPs, and no additional routing should be necessary. You need to configure the VPC and subnets accordingly. What setup will achieve this?;A. - Create a single custom VPC with 2 subnets. - Create each subnet in a different region and with a different CIDR range.;B. - Create a single custom VPC with 2 subnets. - Create each subnet in the same region and with the same CIDR range.;C. - Create 2 custom VPCs, each with a single subnet. - Create each subnet in a different region and with a different CIDR range.;D. - Create 2 custom VPCs, each with a single subnet. - Create each subnet in the same region and with the same CIDR range.
In the context of a fictional company, let's say you're working at "TechSphere Solutions," and you have a web app called "TaskMate" that you need to host on a Compute Engine instance. The project environment is shared with multiple departments, and you're concerned about ensuring that other teams don't unintentionally bring the TaskMate app offline. Which feature would best help you achieve this?;D. Enable deletion protection on the instance.;A. Use a Shielded VM.;B. Use a Preemptible VM.;C. Use a sole-tenant node.
Your team at the startup QuickFoodie is working on a new food delivery application, and you've been tasked with testing a new feature that interacts with Cloud Datastore. You have a developer laptop running Ubuntu, and the Cloud SDK has already been installed via the Google Cloud Ubuntu package repository. You need to test your app locally by simulating Cloud Datastore. What should you do?;C. Install the google-cloud-sdk-datastore-emulator component using the “apt get install” command.;A. Export Cloud Datastore data using “gcloud datastore export”.;B. Create a Cloud Datastore index using “gcloud datastore indexes create”.;D. Install the cloud-datastore-emulator component using the “gcloud components install” command.
You are working as a senior app developer at a tech firm. One of your colleagues has deployed a microservice called ‘order-manager’ to your Kubernetes cluster using the YAML configuration file. While reviewing this configuration, you noticed that the database password is included in the YAML file as plain text. You want to propose some security best practices to your colleague. What should you suggest?;- The database password should be stored inside a Secret object. - Modify the YAML file to populate the DB_PASSWORD environment variable from the Secret.;- The database password should be stored inside the Docker image of the container, not in the YAML file.;- The database password should be stored inside a ConfigMap object. - Modify the YAML file to populate the DB_PASSWORD environment variable from the ConfigMap.;- The database password should be stored in a file inside a Kubernetes persistent volume - Persistent volume claim should be used to mount the volume to the container.
Your company, AppLoom, has developed a large-scale web platform hosted on Google Cloud. The platform’s infrastructure involves a vast hierarchy of folders and projects. Only a select group of team members should have the ability to view the full organizational structure. To ensure this is done securely and with minimal permissions, following Google Cloud’s best practices is essential. What should you do?;C. Add the users to a group, and add this group to roles/browser.;A. Add the users to roles/browser role.;B. Add the users to roles/iam.roleViewer role.;D. Add the users to a group, and add this group to roles/iam.roleViewer role.
Your team at TechTonic Solutions recently developed a new productivity app called WorkSync. After running “gcloud app deploy” to push the app to the cloud, you noticed that the deployment didn't happen on the correct Google Cloud project. Now, you're trying to figure out what went wrong and where the app was actually deployed. What should you do to investigate this issue?;D. Go to Cloud Shell and run “gcloud config list” to see the Google Cloud configuration used for the deployment.;A. Check the app.yaml file for WorkSync and review the project settings.;B. Check the web-application.xml file for WorkSync and review the project settings.;C. Go to Deployment Manager and review the deployment settings for your applications.
Your company, AcmeSolutions, has a single sign-on (SSO) identity provider that supports Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) integration with external service providers. AcmeSolutions also has users managed in Cloud Identity. You want these users to authenticate using AcmeSolutions' SSO provider for accessing your applications and services. What is the best course of action?;B. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with a third-party identity provider with Google as a service provider.;A. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with Google as an identity provider to access custom SAML apps.;C. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Mobile & Desktop Apps.;D. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Web Server Applications.
You are managing a cloud-based fitness tracking app called FitPulse, which helps users monitor their workouts. After deploying a new version of FitPulse to Google App Engine, you discover that the latest release contains a critical bug. To prevent further issues, you need to quickly revert to the previous stable version of the app. What is the best course of action?;C. On the App Engine Versions page of the GCP Console, route 100% of the traffic to the previous version.;A. Run gcloud app restore.;B. On the App Engine page of the GCP Console, select the app version that needs to be reverted and click Revert.;D. - Deploy the original version as a separate app. - Then go to App Engine settings and split traffic between apps so that the original version handles 100% of the traffic.
You are designing a data archival solution for ChronoPix, a company that manages historical financial data. You've chosen Cloud Storage to store the archived datasets. Your analysts need to retrieve this data about once every quarter to fulfill periodic regulatory audits. Which storage option should you choose to ensure cost efficiency?;A. Cold Storage (Coldline);B. Nearline Storage.;C. Regional Storage;D. Multi-Regional Storage
The team at a fictional company, SynthX, develops AI models and occasionally requires access to a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster that you oversee. Their AI models need GPUs for running long-duration, non-restartable tasks. To ensure that these operations are cost-efficient, what would you do?;A. Enable node auto-provisioning on the GKE cluster.;B. Create a VerticalPodAutoscaler for those specific workloads.;C. Create a node pool using preemptible VMs with GPUs attached to the VMs.;D. Set up a node pool with GPU instances, enabling autoscaling with a minimum pool size of 1.
You have successfully developed a web application for a fictional online grocery platform called FreshMart, using Compute Engine for your backend and Cloud SQL for your database in the development environment. Now, FreshMart is ready to launch in production, and you must create a separate production environment. However, FreshMart’s security team has mandated that no network routes can exist between the development and production environments, and you are required to adhere to Google-recommended practices. What is the best course of action?;A. - Create a new project, enable the Compute Engine and Cloud SQL APIs in that project - Replicate the setup you have created in the development environment.;B. - Create a new production subnet in the existing VPC and a new production Cloud SQL instance in your existing project - Deploy your application using those resources.;C. - Create a new project, modify your existing VPC to be a Shared VPC, share that VPC with your new project - Replicate the setup you have in the development environment in that new project in the Shared VPC.;D. - Ask the security team to grant you the Project Editor role in an existing production project used by another division of your company. - Once they grant you that role, replicate the setup you have in the development environment in that project.
Imagine you are working for a fictional company called "TechSphere Solutions," which has developed a new internal tool called "CollabSuite." This containerized web application will be used exclusively by employees during regular business hours. To minimize costs, you want to ensure that the application does not incur any charges when it is not in use outside of these hours. You have recently set up a new Google Cloud project and are ready to deploy the CollabSuite application. What should you do?;B. - Deploy the container on Cloud Run (fully managed) - Set the minimum number of instances to zero.;A. - Deploy the container on Cloud Run for Anthos - Set the minimum number of instances to zero.;C. - Deploy the container on the App Engine flexible environment with autoscaling - Set the value min_instances to zero in the app.yaml.;D. - Deploy the container on the App Engine flexible environment with manual scaling - Set the value instances to zero in the app.yaml.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new mobile app called SnapKart, which allows users to take photos of items they want to sell online. You have been using your personal credit card to cover the Google Cloud costs and expensing it to SnapKart's finance department. However, SnapKart wants to simplify the process and ensure all project expenses are charged directly to their corporate billing account. What should you do?;D. Change the billing account of your projects to SnapKart's corporate billing account.;A. Grant SnapKart’s finance team the IAM role of “Billing Account User” on the billing account linked to your personal credit card.;B. Set up BigQuery billing export and grant SnapKart’s finance department IAM access to query the data.;C. Create a ticket with Google Billing Support to request that they send the invoice directly to SnapKart.
Your company, DigiDocs, hosts a static documentation website using Cloud Storage. Recently, you added links to downloadable PDF guides on this site. Currently, when users click on these links, their browsers prompt them to save the PDF files to their devices. However, you want the PDFs to open directly in the browser without triggering the download prompt. How can you achieve this?;C. Set Content-Type metadata to application/pdf on the PDF file objects.;A. Enable Cloud CDN on the website frontend.;B. Enable 'Share publicly' on the PDF file objects.;D. Add a label to the storage bucket with a key of Content-Type and value of application/pdf.
The management team at your startup, BrightData Solutions, needs to allow its data analysts to query datasets in BigQuery, but they want to prevent the analysts from accidentally deleting any datasets. You are tasked with implementing a solution that aligns with Google's best practices. What should you do?;D. Create a custom role by removing delete permissions. Add users to the group, and then add the group to the custom role.;A. Add users to the roles/bigquery.user role only, instead of roles/bigquery.dataOwner.;B. Add users to the roles/bigquery.dataEditor role only, instead of roles/bigquery.dataOwner.;C. Create a custom role by removing delete permissions, and add users to that role only.
The fictional tech company "AppSolutions" specializes in creating software tools for project management. The company has user identities managed in their internal Active Directory system. AppSolutions wants to use its Active Directory as the primary source of truth for all user identities. They also want to have complete control over the Google accounts used by their employees across all Google services, including their Google Cloud Platform (GCP) projects and services. What approach should AppSolutions take?;A. Use Google Cloud Directory Sync (GCDS) to synchronize users into Cloud Identity.;B. Use the Cloud Identity APIs and write a script to synchronize users to Cloud Identity.;C. Export users from Active Directory as a CSV and import them to Cloud Identity via the Admin Console.;D. Ask each employee to create a Google account using self-signup. Require that each employee use their company email address and password.
FlickerTech, a fictional company, runs a popular web app hosted on a virtual machine currently configured with 2 vCPUs and 4 GB of memory. Recently, they have noticed that the app is running out of memory. The company wants to upgrade the virtual machine to have 8 GB of memory to handle the increasing load. What is the best approach to achieve this?;D. Stop the VM, increase the memory to 8 GB, and start the VM.;A. Rely on live migration to move the workload to a machine with more memory.;B. Use gcloud to add metadata to the VM and set the key to required-memory-size and the value to 8 GB.;C. Stop the VM, change the machine type to n1-standard-8, and start the VM.
You are managing an online education platform called EduStream, which uses BigQuery as a data warehouse to store student performance and course interaction data. A partner company, LearnAI, is proposing to offer a machine-learning engine that provides personalized learning recommendations based on the data in your BigQuery warehouse. LearnAI operates its services on Google Cloud, managing its resources in its own project. They require access to your BigQuery dataset to generate their recommendations. How can LearnAI access your dataset?;D. - Ask LearnAI to create a Service Account in their project - Grant their Service Account access to the BigQuery dataset in your project.;A. - Create a Service Account in your own project - Grant this Service Account access to BigQuery in your project.;B. - Create a Service Account in your own project - Ask LearnAI to grant this Service Account access to BigQuery in their project.;C. - Ask LearnAI to create a Service Account in their project - Have them give the Service Account access to BigQuery in their project.
The company Sparkstream, which develops a social media analytics app, has a designated team member responsible for creating and managing all service accounts for its various Google Cloud projects. You need to grant this team member the minimum necessary role for handling service accounts across projects. What should you do?;D. Add the user to roles/iam.serviceAccountAdmin role.;A. Add the user to roles/iam.roleAdmin role.;B. Add the user to roles/iam.securityAdmin role.;C. Add the user to roles/iam.serviceAccountUser role.
Your startup, Appverse Solutions, has implemented a hybrid cloud approach where some of your services are hosted on Google Cloud. You have a Virtual Private Network (VPN) tunnel linking your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) on Google Cloud with your on-premises infrastructure. Several cloud-based services need to connect to an on-premises database, and you'd like to avoid reconfiguring all the services every time the database's IP address changes. What should you do?;B. Set up a private zone in Cloud DNS and update the applications to use a DNS name for the database.;A. Configure Cloud NAT for all subnets in your VPC to handle egress traffic from the virtual machines.;C. Store the database IP address as custom metadata on each virtual machine, and have the services query the metadata server.;D. Have the applications use Compute Engine’s internal DNS service to retrieve the database’s IP address.
You are conducting a monthly security review of your company's cloud-based pet adoption platform, PawsConnect, and want to identify who has permission to view sensitive data stored within your Google Cloud project. What should you do?;B. Review the IAM permissions for any role that allows for data access.;A. Enable Audit Logs for all APIs that are related to data storage.;C. Review the Identity-Aware Proxy settings for each resource.;D. Create a Data Loss Prevention job.
Your company, QuickShift, runs an online marketplace for fast, local deliveries. You've been using Cloud Run for Anthos to manage your microservices architecture successfully. Now, you want to test an updated version of your app by directing a specific percentage of your production users to this new version while continuing to serve the rest with the current one (canary deployment). What steps should you take?;B. - Create a new revision with the updated version of the app. - Split traffic between this version and the current one.;A. - Create a new service with the updated version of the app. - Split traffic between this version and the current one.;C. - Create a new service with the updated version of the app. - Set up an HTTP Load Balancer in front of both services.;D. - Create a new revision with the updated version of the app. - Set up an HTTP Load Balancer in front of both revisions.
Your company has created a live quiz app that users can play on their smartphones over the internet. The app needs to send UDP packets to the backend servers in real time to update players' scores and actions during multiplayer sessions. The backend system is designed to scale across several virtual machines (VMs), and you want to make these VMs accessible via a single IP address. What approach should you take?;D. Configure an External Network load balancer in front of the application servers.;A. Configure an SSL Proxy load balancer in front of the application servers.;B. Configure an Internal UDP load balancer in front of the application servers.;C. Configure an External HTTP(s) load balancer in front of the application servers.
Your company, "PhotoSnapper," is an online photo-sharing platform that stores large volumes of user-uploaded images in Cloud Storage buckets. An external auditor is now reviewing your organization's data usage, focusing specifically on who accessed the stored images in the Cloud Storage buckets. You need to assist the auditor in getting the required access logs. What should you do?;A. - Turn on Data Access Logs for the buckets they want to audit. - Build a query in the log viewer that filters on Cloud Storage.;B. - Assign the appropriate permissions. - Create a Data Studio report on Admin Activity Audit Logs.;C. Assign the appropriate permissions, and then use Cloud Monitoring to review metrics.;D. Use the export logs API to provide the Admin Activity Audit Logs in the format they want.
You are managing the server fleet for an online video streaming platform, StreamFlix, which runs on Google Cloud. Your application servers are part of a managed instance group (MIG). Recently, you noticed in Cloud Logging that one of the virtual machines (VMs) in the group has a process that is no longer responding. You need to quickly replace this unresponsive VM to ensure seamless service. What should you do?;B. Use the “gcloud compute instance-groups managed recreate-instances” command to recreate the VM.;A. Use the “gcloud compute instances update” command with a REFRESH action for the VM.;C. Select the MIG from the Compute Engine console and, in the menu, select Replace VMs.;D. Update and apply the instance template of the MIG.
Your startup, AeroLogix, is using Google Workspace to manage user accounts. Over the next two years, your team is expected to expand 10x as you scale your aviation logistics platform. Many of these new team members will need access to your Google Cloud resources. Your goal is to ensure that the systems and processes in place can handle the tenfold growth smoothly, without impacting performance, adding unnecessary complexity, or introducing security risks. What is the best course of action?;C. - Enable identity federation between Cloud Identity and Google Workspace - Enforce multi-factor authentication for domain-wide delegation.;A. - Migrate the user accounts to Active Directory. - Connect the HR management system to Active Directory. - Enable Google Cloud Directory Sync (GCDS) for Cloud Identity - Activate Identity Federation between Cloud Identity and Active Directory.;B. - Organize the user accounts within Cloud Identity into groups. - Enforce multi-factor authentication in Cloud Identity.;D. - Use a third-party identity provider through federation. - Sync user accounts from Google Workspace to the third-party provider in real time.
Your team at YonderTech has developed a new application that is packaged into a Docker image. You are now ready to deploy this Docker image as a workload on Google Kubernetes Engine for scaling and management. What steps should you take to deploy the application?;D. Upload the image to the Artifact Registry and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;A. Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.;B. Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.;C. Upload the image to Artifact Registry and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.
You are working for a new app called "BookBox," a platform that helps users track and organize their personal libraries. The platform's data warehouse is built on BigQuery. During the day, BookBox appends new data to its warehouse, and each night the daily summary is recalculated by overwriting a specific table. Recently, you noticed that the visualizations in Looker Studio, used for generating insights and reports for BookBox, are broken. You need to investigate the issue and understand the root cause of the problem. What should you do?;D. Use the BigQuery interface to review the nightly job and look for any errors.;A. In Cloud Logging, create a filter for your Looker Studio report.;B. Use the open-source CLI tool, Snapshot Debugger, to find out why the data was not refreshed correctly.;C. Review the Error Reporting page in the Google Cloud console to find any errors.
You are working for a social media startup called ShareNest, which uses Google Cloud services to handle its messaging infrastructure. One of the Pub/Sub topics that manages real-time notifications is being handled by Config Connector, and now you need to permanently delete this topic from your Google Cloud project. What should you do?;B. Use kubectl to delete the topic resource.;A. Use kubectl to create the label deleted-by-cnrm and to change its value to true for the topic resource.;C. Use gcloud CLI to delete the topic.;D. Use gcloud CLI to update the topic label managed-by-cnrm to false.
Your company's new e-commerce platform, GearShop, has experienced an issue where the managed instance group has triggered an alert indicating that new instance creation has failed. You need to resolve this instance creation failure to ensure smooth scaling and availability for the website. What action should you take?;A. - Create an instance template with valid syntax that will be used by the managed instance group. - Delete any persistent disks that share the same name as instance names.;B. - Create an instance template with valid syntax that will be used by the managed instance group. - Ensure that the instance name and persistent disk name in the template are not identical.;C. - Check that the instance template used by the managed instance group has valid syntax. - Delete any persistent disks that share the same name as instance names. - Set the disks.autoDelete property to true in the instance template.;D. - Remove the current instance template and replace it with a new template. - Ensure that the instance name and persistent disk name in the template are not identical. - Set the disks.autoDelete property to true in the instance template.
Your company, DigitalFlare, runs several cloud services across different Google Cloud projects, each associated with unique billing accounts. To optimize your budget planning, you aim to consolidate all cost information into a single visual dashboard. You also want the data to update quickly with the most recent billing information. What approach should you take?;D. Set up Billing Data Export to BigQuery and use Looker Studio to visualize the data.;A. Enter all cloud resources into the Pricing Calculator for an estimated monthly cost.;B. Use the Reports tab in the Cloud Billing Console to review your cost details.;C. Access the Cost Table page to export a CSV file and analyze it using Looker Studio.
A popular video streaming platform, ShowFlix, processes a large batch workload every night to analyze user data and improve recommendations. The task requires a significant number of virtual machines (VMs) to handle the computations. Since the process is fault-tolerant, ShowFlix can afford to have a few VMs shut down without affecting the outcome. However, the current cost of running these VMs is too high, and the company wants to reduce it. What should they do?;A. - Run a test using simulated maintenance events. - If the test is successful, use Spot N2 Standard VMs when running future jobs.;B. - Run a test using simulated maintenance events. - If the test is successful, use N2 Standard VMs when running future jobs.;C. - Run a test using a managed instance group. - If the test is successful, use N2 Standard VMs in the managed instance group when running future jobs.;D. - Run a test using N1 standard VMs instead of N2. - If the test is successful, use N1 Standard VMs when running future jobs.
You are working for a new telemedicine startup that provides a platform for doctors to upload patient scans from their local servers. Currently, the scans are stored in an on-premises server. The company wants to move towards using Cloud Storage for long-term storage of these scans. They also need an automated solution to ensure that any new scans are uploaded to Cloud Storage without manual intervention. You are tasked with designing and implementing this solution. What should you do?;C. - Write a script that uses the gsutil command line tool to synchronize the on-premises storage with Cloud Storage. - Schedule this script to run as a cron job.;A. - Create a Pub/Sub topic and enable a Cloud Storage trigger for the Pub/Sub topic. - Develop an application that sends all new scans to the Pub/Sub topic.;B. - Deploy a Dataflow job using the batch template "Datastore to Cloud Storage”. - Schedule the batch job to run at the desired interval.;D. In the Cloud Console, manually upload the scans to the appropriate Cloud Storage bucket.
Your company is migrating its e-commerce order tracking system to Google Cloud. The compliance team needs to access the data and generate reports in BigQuery, but they must not be allowed to modify or process any orders within the system. As the project lead for the migration, you need to choose the simplest solution with minimal maintenance. What should you do?;C. Create a group for the compliance team, and assign roles/bigquery.dataViewer to them.;A. Assign roles/bigquery.dataViewer to the individual compliance team members.;B. Create a group for the compliance team and assign roles/viewer to them.;D. Assign a custom role to each compliance team member that allows view-only access to BigQuery.
Your company, ByteFleet, recently created a new SaaS platform that provides real-time analytics for transportation companies. To manage and automate resource access within the platform, you received a JSON file that contains a private key tied to a Service Account. You've already downloaded and installed the Cloud SDK and now need to use this private key to authenticate and authorize yourself for running gcloud commands to interact with the various services in your Google Cloud project. What is the correct next step?;B. Use the command “gcloud auth activate-service-account” and point it to the private key.;A. Use the command “gcloud auth login” and point it to the private key.;C. Place the private key file in the installation directory of the Cloud SDK and rename it to "credentials.json".;D. Place the private key file in your home directory and rename it to "GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS".
A new food delivery app, FoodJoy, has experienced rapid growth, leading to a high volume of orders being placed every minute. The processing demand has surpassed the capabilities of a single virtual machine (VM). You need to distribute these incoming orders across multiple servers in real time while ensuring the solution remains cost-effective. What should you do?;C. - Send orders to Pub/Sub. - Process them in VMs in a managed instance group.;A. - Send orders to BigQuery. - On the VMs, poll for orders that do not have the ‘processed’ key, and mark them ‘processed’ when done.;B. - Set up Cloud SQL with a memory cache for speed. - On your multiple servers, poll for orders that do not have the ‘processed’ key, and mark them ‘processed’ when done.;D. Record orders in Cloud Bigtable, and poll for new orders from the VMs.
Your company, BrightTech Solutions, is expanding its cloud infrastructure for a new mobile application. You need to establish a direct connection between your on-premises data center and several virtual machines hosted inside a virtual private cloud (VPC) on Google Cloud. The goal is to provide fast, secure access for your team to these VMs, while also keeping the solution low-maintenance and cost-effective. What should you do?;B. Use Cloud VPN to create a bridge between the VPC and your network.;A. Set up Cloud Interconnect.;C. Assign a public IP address to each VM, and assign a strong password to each one.;D. Start a Compute Engine VM, install a software router, and create a direct tunnel to each VM.
You are designing a new weather-tracking app that collects and stores data from thousands of sensors spread across the country. The app will store up to 15 petabytes (PB) of weather data and needs to support fast reads and writes of small data packets from each sensor. The data schema for these sensor readings is simple. You want to choose the most cost-effective solution for storing this data. What should you do?;C. - Store the data in Cloud Bigtable - Implement the business logic in the programming language of your choice.;A. - Store the data in Cloud Spanner - Add an in-memory cache for speed.;B. - Store the data in Cloud Storage - Distribute the data through Cloud CDN for speed.;D. - Use BigQuery - Implement the business logic in SQL.
You are responsible for managing the media processing service for a growing streaming platform called StreamHaven. The platform allows users to upload and encode videos, which need to be processed at any time without interruption or performance degradation. The user base is rapidly expanding, and ensuring that the video encoding service is highly available is critical to avoid downtime. You also want to automate operational tasks in line with best practices recommended by Google. What should you do?;D. - Deploy the encoding service to an instance group - Set the autoscaling based on CPU utilization.;A. - Deploy the encoding service on multiple standalone Compute Engine instances. - Increase the number of existing instances when CPU utilization on Cloud Monitoring reaches a certain threshold.;B. - Deploy the encoding service on multiple standalone Compute Engine instances - Replace existing instances with high-CPU instances when CPU utilization on Cloud Monitoring reaches a certain threshold.;C. - Deploy the encoding service to an instance group - Increase the number of available instances whenever you see high CPU utilization in Cloud Monitoring.
You are managing a delivery tracking platform called "ParcelFlow" deployed on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). The system has two main components: the backend service that processes parcel data and the frontend service used by customers to track their packages. To ensure seamless communication between your frontend pods and backend service pods, even during pod movement or restarts, what steps should you take?;A. Create a service that groups your backend service pods, and configure the frontend pods to communicate through this service.;B. Create a DNS entry with a fixed IP address for the frontend service to connect to the backend service.;C. Assign static internal IP addresses for the frontend service to connect to the backend pods.;D. Assign static external IP addresses for the frontend service to connect to the backend pods.
You are in charge of managing a digital address book service for "GeoMap," a global map and location services company. The service will allow users to add, update, delete, and list addresses. Each of these functions is handled by a different Docker container microservice. The demand on the service can range from low to extremely high. You need to deploy this service on Google Cloud to ensure it is scalable and requires minimal maintenance. What should you do?;A. Deploy your Docker containers into Cloud Run.;B. Start each Docker container as a managed instance group.;C. Deploy your Docker containers into Google Kubernetes Engine.;D. Combine the four microservices into one Docker image, and deploy it to the App Engine instance.
Your company, NebulaTech, is launching its first cloud-based app, StarTrack. The app will be used to monitor and track user engagement in real-time and includes sensitive user data. You need to ensure that only specific members of the development team, such as data engineers and security analysts, have access to this sensitive information. To keep administrative overhead low, you want to assign the most appropriate Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles with minimal maintenance. What should you do?;D. - Create groups. - Assign an IAM Predefined role to each group as required, including those who should have access to sensitive data. - Assign users to groups.;A. Assign a basic role to each user.;B. - Create groups. - Assign a basic role to each group, and then assign users to groups.;C. - Create groups. - Assign a Custom role to each group, including those who should have access to sensitive data. - Assign users to groups.
Your company, QuickBite, runs a popular food delivery app called QuickBite. The app has specific data retention guidelines as given below. You want to implement these guidelines automatically and in the simplest way possible. What should you do? - Archive order records older than one year. - Delete order records older than five years. - Store all other data in standard storage.;A. Set up Object Lifecycle management policies.;B. - Run a script daily. - Copy order records older than one year to an archival bucket, and delete data older than five years.;C. - Run a script daily. - Set storage class to ARCHIVE for data older than one year, and delete data older than five years.;D. - Set up default storage class for three buckets named: STANDARD, ARCHIVE, DELETED. - Use a script to move data into the appropriate bucket when it matches the retention guidelines.
Your startup, ByteSpace, has collected a massive amount of unstructured data in various file formats from your app's users. You need to perform ETL transformations on this data and ensure it is accessible for a Dataflow job on Google Cloud. What is the best approach?;B. Upload the data to Cloud Storage using the gcloud storage command.;A. Upload the data to BigQuery using the bq command line tool.;C. Upload the data into Cloud SQL using the import function in the Google Cloud console.;D. Upload the data into Cloud Spanner using the import function in the Google Cloud console.
You manage an online platform that you want to make accessible to all members of your affiliate network. The application is hosted on a server with a specific IP address. To ensure smooth operation, you don't want to update the IP address in your DNS settings if the server fails or needs to be swapped out. Additionally, you want to minimize downtime while keeping setup and costs as low as possible. What is the best approach?;C. Reserve a static external IP address and assign it through Cloud DNS.;A. Create a script that automatically updates the IP address for the domain when the server crashes or is replaced.;B. Reserve a static internal IP address and assign it through Cloud DNS.;D. Use the Bring Your Own IP (BYOIP) method to use your own IP address.
Your company, SwiftCart, runs an online marketplace platform that uses Cloud Storage for storing user-uploaded product images and Firestore to store product listings and customer data. You are responsible for monitoring all changes in both the product images and listings. For each change, you need to invoke a verification action that ensures compliance of the new data in near real-time. You want to implement this with minimal configuration. What should you do?;B. Use Cloud Function events, and call the compliance script from the Cloud Function triggers.;A. Use the trigger mechanism in each datastore to invoke the compliance script.;C. Use a Python script to get logs of the datastores, analyze them, and invoke the compliance script.;D. Redirect your data-changing queries to an App Engine application, and call the compliance script from the application.
Your company, DataFlow Ventures, manages an online education platform that uses BigQuery for analyzing student engagement data. The team of data analysts working on this project frequently changes, and it’s often quite small. You need to allow these analysts to perform queries on BigQuery while following Google-recommended practices for managing access efficiently. What should you do?;C. 1. Create a dedicated Google group in Cloud Identity. 2. Add each data analyst's user account to the group. 3. Assign the BigQuery Job User role to the group.;A. 1. Create an IAM entry for each data analyst's user account. 2. Assign the BigQuery Job User role to the group.;B. 1. Create an IAM entry for each data analyst's user account. 2. Assign the BigQuery Data Viewer role to the group.;D. 1. Create a dedicated Google group in Cloud Identity. 2. Add each data analyst's user account to the group. 3. Assign the BigQuery Data Viewer role to the group.
The tech company AppVise has developed a platform for connecting businesses with freelance auditors. Your company's management has requested an external auditor to review the resources in a specific project. The security team has implemented the Organization Policy called Domain Restricted Sharing on the organization node, restricting sharing to only users within your company's Cloud Identity domain. You need to ensure that the auditor can only view, but not modify, the resources in that project. What should you do?;C. Create a temporary account for the auditor in Cloud Identity, and give that account the Viewer role on the project.;A. Ask the auditor for their Google account, and give them the Viewer role on the project.;B. Ask the auditor for their Google account, and give them the Security Reviewer role on the project.;D. Create a temporary account for the auditor in Cloud Identity, and give that account the Security Reviewer role on the project.
Your tech startup, AppifyNow, has been building a new app, and last month you noticed the project’s cloud expenses were higher than expected. After investigating, you discovered that one of your development GKE containers generated a large number of logs, leading to the unexpected cost increase. You want to quickly stop these logs with the fewest steps possible. What should you do?;A. 1. Go to the Logs ingestion window in Stackdriver Logging, and disable the log source for the GKE container resource.;B. 1. Go to the Logs ingestion window in Stackdriver Logging, and disable the log source for the GKE Cluster Operations resource.;C. 1. Go to the GKE console, and delete existing clusters. 2. Recreate a new cluster. 3. Clear the option to enable legacy Stackdriver Logging.;D. 1. Go to the GKE console, and delete existing clusters. 2. Recreate a new cluster. 3. Clear the option to enable legacy Stackdriver Monitoring.
A food delivery startup, MealDash, has its main website hosted on an App Engine standard environment. The team wants to test a new version of their site with 2% of their users while keeping the system as simple as possible. What should they do?;B. Deploy the new version in the same application and use the --splits option to give a weight of 98 to the current version and a weight of 2 to the new version.;A. Deploy the new version in the same application and use the --migrate option.;C. - Create a new App Engine application in the same project. - Deploy the new version in that application. - Use the App Engine library to proxy 2% of the requests to the new version.;D. - Create a new App Engine application in the same project. - Deploy the new version in that application. - Configure your network load balancer to send 2% of the traffic to that new application.
You are managing a photo-sharing platform called SnapGallery, which is deployed using a managed instance group. A new version of your platform is ready to be rolled out gradually, but SnapGallery is currently receiving live traffic from users. You need to make sure that the deployment of the new version doesn’t affect the current capacity of the platform, ensuring no decrease in availability. What should you do?;B. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 1 and maxUnavailable set to 0.;A. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 0 and maxUnavailable set to 1.;C. - Create a new managed instance group with an updated instance template. - Add the group to the backend service for the load balancer. - When all instances in the new managed instance group are healthy, delete the old managed instance group.;D. - Create a new instance template with the new application version. - Update the existing managed instance group with the new instance template. - Delete the instances in the managed instance group to allow the managed instance group to recreate the instance using the new instance template.
You are developing a new social media platform called "GlobeConnect" that allows users from all over the world to share and interact with posts in real time. The platform will be used globally, and you are unsure how quickly the user base will grow. Your CTO is concerned about the platform's scalability and wants to ensure the database can handle unpredictable growth while requiring minimal configuration changes. Which database solution would best fit these requirements?;B. Cloud Spanner;A. Cloud SQL;C. Cloud Firestore;D. Cloud Datastore
The fictional company CloudCab, a ridesharing platform, recently terminated an employee, but their access to CloudCab’s Google Cloud environment wasn’t removed for two weeks. Now, CloudCab's security team needs to determine if this former employee accessed any sensitive customer data during that time. What should they do?;C. - View Data Access audit logs in Cloud Logging. - Search for the user's email as the principal.;A. - View System Event Logs in Cloud Logging. - Search for the user's email as the principal.;B. - View System Event Logs in Cloud Logging. - Search for the service account associated with the user.;D. - View the Admin Activity log in Cloud Logging. - Search for the service account associated with the user.
You work for a tech startup known as “TechNova” and you are the organization and billing administrator in their cloud team. The app development team has the Project Creator role for the entire TechNova organization. However, you want to ensure that only the finance department can link projects to the billing account, while the app development team should not have this permission. At the same time, the finance team should only be allowed to manage the billing link without any other control over project settings. How would you set up permissions to achieve this?;C. Assign the finance team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing Manager role on the organization.;A. Assign the finance team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.;B. Assign the app development team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.;D. Assign the app development team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing Manager role on the organization.
You manage an e-commerce platform called CloudCart that runs on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) with cluster autoscaling enabled. The platform handles incoming traffic via a TCP endpoint and is designed with several replicated instances. In the same region, you also have a Compute Engine instance in a separate Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) called compute-vpc, which has non-overlapping IP ranges from the VPC where CloudCart is hosted. This Compute Engine instance needs to establish a connection to the CloudCart application running in GKE. You aim to implement a solution with minimal effort. What should you do?;C. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Add an annotation to this service: cloud.google.com/load-balancer-type: Internal 3. Peer the two VPCs together. 4. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the load balancer's address that has been created.;A. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Set the service’s externalTrafficPolicy to Cluster. 3. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the load balancer's address that has been created.;B. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type NodePort that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Create a Compute Engine instance called proxy with 2 network interfaces, one in each VPC. 3. Use iptables on this instance to forward traffic from compute-vpc to the GKE nodes. 4. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the proxy instance's address in compute-vpc as the endpoint.;D. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the CloudCart application’s Pods as backend. 2. Add a Cloud Armor Security Policy to the load balancer that whitelists the internal IPs of the MIG’s instances. 3. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the load balancer's address that has been created.
You are managing a key application for FotoSnap, a popular photo-sharing platform, hosted on Compute Engine. This app is crucial to the business, and you want to ensure that the data on the boot disk of this app is backed up frequently. In the event of a disaster, you need to restore the backup as quickly as possible. Additionally, to save costs, you want older backups to be cleaned up automatically. You aim to follow the best practices recommended by Google. What should you do?;B. Create a snapshot schedule for the disk using the desired interval.;A. Create a Cloud Function to create an instance template.;C. Create a cron job to create a new disk from the disk using gcloud.;D. Create a Cloud Task to create an image and export it to Cloud Storage.
You are responsible for managing the analytics and monitoring for several projects on GCP for a fictional company called "ZenApps", which runs multiple mobile apps. ZenApps wants to explore and analyze all logs from their projects for the past 60 days. Following Google's recommended best practices, how should you aggregate and manage logs across all projects?;B. - Create a Stackdriver Logging Export with a Sink destination to a BigQuery dataset. - Configure the table expiration to 60 days.;A. Navigate to Stackdriver Logging and select resource.labels.project_id="*";C. - Create a Stackdriver Logging Export with a Sink destination to Cloud Storage. - Create a lifecycle rule to delete objects after 60 days.;D. - Configure a Cloud Scheduler job to read from Stackdriver and store the logs in BigQuery. - Configure the table expiration to 60 days.
The engineering department at Orbital Innovations, a company specializing in space-based data analytics, needs to reduce its GCP service costs. You have been tasked with shutting down all active services within one of their existing GCP projects, with the goal of completing this in the fewest number of steps. What should you do?;A. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Project Owner IAM role for this project. 2. Locate the project in the GCP console, click Shut Down, and then enter the project ID.;B. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Project Owner IAM role for this project. 2. Switch to the project in the GCP console, locate the resources, and delete them.;C. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Organizational Administrator IAM role for this project. 2. Locate the project in the GCP console, enter the project ID, and then click Shut down.;D. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Organizational Administrator IAM role for this project. 2. Switch to the project in the GCP console, locate the resources, and delete them.
You are managing the infrastructure for a popular fictional travel app, "WanderScape." The app is hosted on a Compute Engine instance within a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in the us-central1 region. This instance handles requests related to travel bookings and user profiles. Due to growing demand in Europe, you need to deploy a new Compute Engine instance in the europe-west1 region. This new instance must access the application hosted by the instance in the us-central1 region. You aim to follow Google-recommended best practices to achieve this. What should you do?;A. 1. Create a subnetwork in the same VPC, in europe-west1. 2. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the first instance's private address as the endpoint.;B. 1. Create a VPC and a subnetwork in europe-west1. 2. Expose the application with an internal load balancer. 3. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the load balancer's address as the endpoint.;C. 1. Create a subnetwork in the same VPC, in europe-west1. 2. Use Cloud VPN to connect the two subnetworks. 3. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the first instance's private address as the endpoint.;D. 1. Create a VPC and a subnetwork in europe-west1. 2. Peer the 2 VPCs. 3. Create the new instance in the new subnetwork and use the first instance's private address as the endpoint.
You're managing an external review for a fictional company, ByteLens, which develops a photo-sharing application. You need to assign a Cloud Identity and Access Management (Cloud IAM) role to an external auditor. The auditor’s task is to review ByteLens' Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Audit Logs and also examine the Data Access logs to ensure regulatory compliance. What should you do?;B. - Assign the auditor the IAM role roles/logging.privateLogViewer. - Direct the auditor to also review the logs for changes to Cloud IAM policy.;A. - Assign the auditor the IAM role roles/logging.privateLogViewer. - Perform the export of logs to Cloud Storage.;C. - Assign the auditor's IAM user to a custom role that has logging.privateLogEntries.list permission. - Perform the export of logs to Cloud Storage.;D. - Assign the auditor's IAM user to a custom role that has logging.privateLogEntries.list permission. - Direct the auditor to also review the logs for changes to Cloud IAM policy.
Your logistics tracking system, TrackFleet, is deployed as a three-tier application on Compute Engine, with the infrastructure depicted below. In the TrackFleet setup, each tier of the application uses a distinct service account for the virtual machines. Communication between these tiers happens over port 8080. You need to adjust the network configuration so that Tier #1 can communicate with Tier #2, and Tier #2 can communicate with Tier #3. What steps should you take?;B. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#2 service account, Source: All instances with tier#1 service account, Protocols: TCP 8080 #2: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#3 service account, Source: All instances with tier#2 service account, Protocols: TCP 8080.;A. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Ingress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.1.2.0/24, Protocols: allow all #2: Ingress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.2.2.0/24, Protocols: allow all.;C. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#2 service account, Source: All instances with tier#1 service account, Protocols: allow all #2: Ingress: Target: All instances with tier#3 service account, Source: All instances with tier#2 service account, Protocols: allow all.;D. Create the following two firewall rules: #1: Egress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.1.2.0/24, Protocols: TCP 8080 #2: Egress: Target: All instances, Source IP range: 10.2.2.0/24, Protocols: TCP 8080.
Your startup, “Flixly,” has accumulated a massive amount of unstructured data, including video files, text documents, and images in various formats. You are planning to run ETL transformations on this data and need to make it accessible on Google Cloud so that it can be processed by a Dataflow job. What should you do?;B. Upload the data to Cloud Storage using the gsutil command line tool.;A. Upload the data to BigQuery using the bq command line tool.;C. Upload the data into Cloud SQL using the import function in the console.;D. Upload the data into Cloud Spanner using the import function in the console.
You are overseeing several online services for a company called TechFuse, which runs multiple web applications across different Google Cloud projects. To manage these projects effectively using the fewest steps, you need to configure the Google Cloud SDK command line interface (CLI) for easy switching between projects. What should you do?;A. 1. Create a configuration for each project you need to manage. 2. Activate the appropriate configuration when you work with each of your assigned Google Cloud projects.;B. 1. Create a configuration for each project you need to manage. 2. Use “gcloud init” to update the configuration values when you need to work with a non-default project.;C. 1. Use the default configuration for one project you need to manage. 2. Activate the appropriate configuration when you work with each of your assigned Google Cloud projects.;D. 1. Use the default configuration for one project you need to manage. 2. Use “gcloud init” to update the configuration values when you need to work with a non-default project.
You are working with a Cloud SQL MySQL database for a social networking app called SnapSync. The app’s compliance team requires you to retain a month-end copy of the database for three years for audit purposes. What should you do?;A. - Set up an export job for the first of the month. - Write the export file to an Archive class Cloud Storage bucket.;B. - Save the automatic first-of-the-month backup for three years. - Store the backup file in an Archive class Cloud Storage bucket.;C. - Set up an on-demand backup for the first of the month. - Write the backup to an Archive class Cloud Storage bucket.;D. - Convert the automatic first-of-the-month backup to an export file. - Write the export file to a Coldline class Cloud Storage bucket.
You are managing the backend services for a new mobile app, QuickBuy, which allows users to make instant purchases from various online retailers. Recently, some users have reported an issue where their purchases are failing. After investigating, you discover that the problem stems from a Service Account that lacks the necessary permissions to complete the purchase process. You resolve the issue by updating the Service Account’s permissions. However, you want to ensure that you are alerted if this issue happens again in the future. What should you do?;C. Create a custom log-based metric for the specific error to be used in an Alerting Policy.;A. In the Log Viewer, filter the logs on severity 'Error' and the name of the Service Account.;B. Create a sink to BigQuery to export all the logs. Create a Data Studio dashboard on the exported logs.;D. Grant Project Owner access to the Service Account.
You are building a worldwide e-commerce platform that allows users to buy and sell digital products. The data for transactions, users, and inventory is stored and queried using a relational database. Customers from all regions need to see the exact same data state regardless of their location. To improve user experience, the application will be deployed across multiple geographic regions to minimize latency. You must choose a storage solution for your application's data that maintains consistency while also reducing latency.;C. Use Cloud Spanner for data storage.;A. Use Cloud Bigtable for data storage.;B. Use Cloud SQL for data storage.;D. Use Firestore for data storage.
Your team manages a project for StreamTrack, a company that specializes in delivering real-time analytics for live events. A data pipeline continuously streams event metrics into BigQuery. The analytics team at StreamTrack needs to run custom SQL queries to analyze the most recent data in BigQuery. How should you enable this?;D. Assign the IAM role of BigQuery User to a Google Group that includes all the members of the analytics team.;A. - Create a Data Studio dashboard that connects to the relevant BigQuery tables. - Provide the analytics team with view access to the Data Studio dashboard.;B. - Create a Service Account specifically for the analytics team - Generate a new private key for each member of the team.;C. Use Cloud Scheduler to schedule a batch Dataflow job to transfer the data from BigQuery to the analytics team’s internal data warehouse.
A company named RapidInventory is preparing to deploy a new inventory management application on Google Cloud. The application stores its entire dataset in-memory to ensure quick access to data, and the team needs to configure the most suitable Google Cloud resources to support this application. What is the best approach?;D. Provision Compute Engine instances with M1 machine type.;A. Provision preemptible Compute Engine instances.;B. Provision Compute Engine instances with GPUs attached.;C. Provision Compute Engine instances with local SSDs attached.
AcmeData is developing a new app that requires a custom IAM role for one of its Google Cloud services. All permissions in this role must be production-ready, and the company wants to easily communicate the role’s status to the rest of the team. This will be the first version of the custom role. What should AcmeData do?;A. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'supported' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to ALPHA while testing the role permissions.;B. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'supported' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to BETA while testing the role permissions.;C. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'testing' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to ALPHA while testing the role permissions.;D. - Use permissions in the role that has the 'testing' support level for role permissions. - Set the role stage to BETA while testing the role permissions.
Your company, QuickFleet, has developed a fleet management web application that runs over HTTPS. You are tasked with setting up an autoscaling managed instance group to support the application's scaling needs. One key requirement is to ensure that unhealthy VMs are automatically identified and replaced to maintain the application's availability. What should you do?;A. Create a health check on port 443 and use that when creating the Managed Instance Group.;B. Select Multi-Zone instead of Single-Zone when creating the Managed Instance Group.;C. In the Instance Template, add the label 'health-check'.;D. In the Instance Template, add a startup script that sends a heartbeat to the metadata server.
You are managing several applications for a logistics tracking platform that runs on different Compute Engine instances within the same project. You need to ensure that each instance uses a specific service account when making calls to Google Cloud APIs. How can you achieve this at a more detailed level?;A. When creating the instances, specify a Service Account for each instance.;B. When creating the instances, assign the name of each Service Account as instance metadata.;C. After starting the instances, use “gcloud compute instances update” to specify a Service Account for each instance.;D. After starting the instances, use “gcloud compute instances update” to assign the name of the relevant Service Account as instance metadata.
You are managing various services in a Kubernetes Engine cluster for a social media platform, PicSnap, which allows users to upload and share images. One of the services in this cluster is responsible for rendering high-resolution images. This image-rendering service requires a significant amount of CPU but relatively low memory, whereas the other services, like user profile management and feed updates, are optimized for general-purpose n2-standard machine types. You want to ensure that the cluster's resources are allocated as efficiently as possible for all services. What should you do?;B. - Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the image rendering service. - Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the other services.;A. Assign the pods of the image rendering service a higher pod priority than the other services.;C. - Use the node pool with general-purpose machine type nodes for the image rendering service. - Create a node pool with compute-optimized machine type nodes for the other services.;D. - Configure the required amount of CPU and memory in the resource requests specification of the image rendering service deployment. - Keep the resource requests for the other services at the default.
A growing e-commerce platform, ShopMingle, is building a new inventory management system that will run on Google Kubernetes Engine. The team has determined that MongoDB is the ideal database solution for this system and needs to deploy a managed MongoDB environment that comes with a support Service Level Agreement (SLA). What should the team do?;B. Deploy MongoDB Atlas through the Google Cloud Marketplace.;A. Set up a Cloud Bigtable cluster and interact with it using the HBase API.;C. Install MongoDB by downloading the package and running it on Compute Engine instances.;D. Install MongoDB by downloading the package and running it on a Managed Instance Group.
You are managing a custom-built data processing tool for a local art marketplace platform. This tool processes transaction records in-memory every midnight, and the processing takes about 50 minutes. The size of the transaction records varies between 1 GB and 20 GB. You are now planning to migrate this tool to Google Cloud while aiming for minimal effort and cost. What approach should you take?;D. - Lift and shift to a VM on Compute Engine. - Use an instance schedule to start and stop the instance.;A. - Create a container for the data processing tool. - Use Cloud Scheduler to start a Cloud Run job for the container.;B. - Create a container for the data processing tool. - Deploy the container to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and use the Kubernetes scheduler to start the application.;C. - Upload the code to Cloud Functions. - Use Cloud Scheduler to start the application.
Your team has just launched a new online marketplace app for a fictional company, ShopNexus, which connects small retailers with customers in local areas. The app is critical to the business, as it handles all transactions and user data. You need to deploy the app on Kubernetes and ensure it operates with maximum reliability. You also want to follow the best practices recommended by Google Cloud for this deployment. What should you do?;B. - Create a GKE Autopilot cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the stable release channel.;A. - Create a GKE Autopilot cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the rapid release channel.;C. - Create a zonal GKE standard cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the stable release channel.;D. - Create a regional GKE standard cluster. - Enroll the cluster in the rapid release channel.
Your startup, CloudCraft Games, is moving its entire game server infrastructure to Compute Engine. Some of the servers need to be accessible over the Internet for player connections, while other servers should only be accessible by internal services for managing game logic. All servers need to communicate with each other over specific ports and protocols. Currently, your on-premises setup uses a demilitarized zone (DMZ) for public-facing servers and a Local Area Network (LAN) for internal-only servers. You need to design the networking setup on Google Cloud to match these requirements. What should you do?;A. 1. Create a single VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public ingress traffic for the DMZ.;B. 1. Create a single VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public egress traffic for the DMZ.;C. 1. Create a VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and another VPC with a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public ingress traffic for the DMZ.;D. 1. Create a VPC with a subnet for the DMZ and another VPC with a subnet for the LAN. 2. Set up firewall rules to allow relevant traffic between the DMZ and LAN subnets, and another firewall rule to allow public egress traffic for the DMZ.
Your company, ByteStream Inc., is developing a globally distributed application that requires scalable, high-performance data storage. You have decided to use Cloud Spanner as your database solution. Before you can create a Cloud Spanner instance, you need to complete the initial step in preparation. What should you do first?;A. Enable the Cloud Spanner API.;B. Configure your Cloud Spanner instance to be multi-regional.;C. Create a new VPC network with subnetworks in all desired regions.;D. Grant yourself the IAM role of Cloud Spanner Admin.
You're working for a new startup, SkyLoom, a company that provides AI-powered weather predictions through a mobile app. You've been assigned a Google Cloud project with an attached billing account where you'll be managing virtual machines for computations, setting up firewalls for security, and storing weather data in Cloud Storage. You want to follow Google-recommended practices as you set up the environment. What should you do?;B. - Use the “gcloud services enable compute.googleapis.com” command to enable Compute Engine. - Use the “gcloud services enable storage.googleapis.com” command to enable the Cloud Storage APIs.;A. Use the CLI “gcloud services enable cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com” command to enable all resources.;C. Open the Google Cloud console and enable all Google Cloud APIs from the API dashboard.;D. Open the Google Cloud console and run “gcloud init --project” in a Cloud Shell.
The development team at a startup called SkyTrack has built Docker images for their flight tracking application, which they plan to deploy on Google Cloud. The team prefers to avoid managing the underlying infrastructure and needs to ensure that the application can automatically scale as more users begin to use it. What should the team do?;D. - Upload Docker images to Artifact Registry - Deploy the application on Cloud Run.;A. - Create an instance template with the container image - Deploy a Managed Instance Group with Autoscaling.;B. - Upload Docker images to Artifact Registry - Deploy the application on Google Kubernetes Engine using Standard mode.;C. - Upload Docker images to the Cloud Storage - Deploy the application on Google Kubernetes Engine using Standard mode.
You are migrating a critical order management system for a fictional e-commerce platform called "ShopSwift" from its on-premise servers to Google Cloud. As part of your high-availability strategy, you need to ensure that the data used by the application will be accessible immediately in case of a zonal failure, preventing any downtime for your customers. What should you do?;D. - Store the application data on a regional persistent disk. - If an outage occurs, create an instance in another zone with this disk attached.;A. - Store the application data on a zonal persistent disk. - Create a snapshot schedule for the disk. - If an outage occurs, create a new disk from the most recent snapshot and attach it to a new VM in another zone.;B. - Store the application data on a zonal persistent disk. - If an outage occurs, create an instance in another zone with this disk attached.;C. - Store the application data on a regional persistent disk. - Create a snapshot schedule for the disk. - If an outage occurs, create a new disk from the most recent snapshot and attach it to a new VM in another zone.
Your creative app, BrightRecipes, which helps users find personalized cooking recipes, has been growing rapidly in popularity. Currently, BrightRecipes is hosted on a single-zone Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster in the europe-west1 region. You’re preparing to make it available for general use, and you need to ensure that the deployment is highly available and resilient. You also want to align with Google’s recommended practices for production environments. What should you do?;B. Use the gcloud container clusters create-auto command to create an autopilot cluster and deploy the application to it.;A. Use the gcloud container clusters create command with the options --enable-multi-networking and --enable-autoscaling to create an autoscaling zonal cluster and deploy the application to it.;C. Use the gcloud container clusters update command with the option --region europe-west1 to update the cluster and deploy the application to it.;D. Use the gcloud container clusters update command with the option --node-locations europe-west1-b,europe-west1-c to update the cluster and deploy the application to the nodes.
You are the CTO of a startup, CloudPix, which specializes in high-resolution image editing. The company is planning to move its on-premises storage solution to Google Cloud. The first task is to migrate 100 TB of image data. Your team estimates that future daily uploads will be within your network's bandwidth limit of 100 Mbps. To optimize costs and follow best practices, you need to decide on the most efficient way to handle this initial data migration. What should you do?;B. Obtain a Transfer Appliance, copy the data to it, and ship it to Google.;A. Set up Partner Interconnect for the duration of the first upload.;C. Set up Dedicated Interconnect for the duration of your first upload, and then drop back to regular bandwidth.;D. Divide your data between 100 computers, and upload each data portion to a bucket. Then run a script to merge the uploads together.
You are setting up a platform for a team of data analysts working on a fictional research project. The analysts need to run ad hoc SQL queries on large datasets, though they will only be actively using the platform for around one hour per day. However, they need to have the ability to run queries at any time, so the environment should always be ready. The solution needs to be cost-effective. What approach should you take?;B. - Store the data in BigQuery. - Run SQL queries in BigQuery.;A. - Store the data in Cloud Bigtable. - Run SQL queries provided by Bigtable schema.;C. - Create a Dataproc cluster. - Store the data in HDFS storage - Run SQL queries in Spark.;D. - Create a Dataproc cluster. - Store the data in Cloud Storage - Run SQL queries in Spark.
A company called SnapTask, a platform for managing team projects, has developed an application consisting of several microservices. Each microservice is packaged in its own Docker container image. The company wants to deploy this entire application on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), ensuring that each microservice can be scaled independently. What should they do?;D. Create and deploy a Deployment per microservice.;A. Create and deploy a Custom Resource Definition per microservice.;B. Create and deploy a Docker Compose File.;C. Create and deploy a Job per microservice.
You are migrating your gaming platform from an in-house data center to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). Your main goal is to keep expenses under control while ensuring you stay within your budget. What steps should you take?;A. Configure Autopilot in GKE to monitor node utilization and remove idle nodes.;B. Provision the required capacity; the sustained use discount will help you stay within budget.;C. Use the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler to scale individual nodes up and down.;D. Create several virtual machines in Compute Engine, group them in a managed instance group, and configure it to scale based on traffic.
Your company, ByteWorks Inc., is preparing to launch a new e-commerce platform. The team needs to estimate the cloud infrastructure costs for the upcoming quarter based on known project requirements. Time is of the essence, and you need to generate the estimate as quickly as possible. How should you proceed?;C. Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator to input your anticipated resource consumption for each category.;A. Build a basic machine learning model to forecast the platform's monthly cloud expenditure.;B. Calculate the expected hours of compute usage and multiply by the cost of virtual machines per hour.;D. Use the Google Cloud Pricing Calculator to input your resource consumption and account for potential volume discounts.
The engineering team at your company, Techie Tools Inc., is responsible for managing all Compute Engine instances in your sandbox environment. However, they should not be allowed to create or modify any other resources in the sandbox project. You want to adhere to Google's best practices for assigning permissions to the engineering team. What should you do?;A. Grant the basic role roles/viewer and the predefined role roles/compute.admin to the engineering team.;B. - Create an IAM policy and grant all compute.instanceAdmin.* permissions to the policy. - Attach the policy to the engineering team.;C. - Create a custom role at the folder level and grant all compute.instanceAdmin.* permissions to the role. - Grant the custom role to the engineering team.;D. Grant the basic role roles/editor to the engineering team.
Your team is running an on-premises fitness tracking application. The application consists of a set of complex microservices written in Python, with each microservice running in Docker containers. Configurations are injected using environment variables. You need to deploy your current application to a serverless Google Cloud solution. What should you do?;A. - Use your existing CI/CD pipeline. - Use the generated Docker images and deploy them to Cloud Run. - Update the configurations and the required endpoints.;B. - Use your existing continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) pipeline. - Use the generated Docker images and deploy them to Cloud Function. - Use the same configuration as on-premises.;C. - Use the existing codebase and deploy each service as a separate Cloud Function. - Update the configurations and the required endpoints.;D. - Use your existing codebase and deploy each service as a separate Cloud Run. - Use the same configurations as on-premises.
You are configuring service accounts for a new application called QuickRetail that spans multiple projects. Virtual machines (VMs) running in the project quickretail-web need access to BigQuery datasets in the project quickretail-crm-db. You want to follow Google-recommended practices to provide access to the service account in the quickretail-web project. What should you do?;D. Assign the “bigquery.dataViewer” role to quickretail-crm-db and appropriate roles to quickretail-web.;A. Assign the "Project Owner" role for quickretail-web to appropriate roles in quickretail-crm-db.;B. Assign the "Project Owner" role to both quickretail-crm-db and quickretail-web.;C. Assign the "Project Owner" role to quickretail-crm-db and the “bigquery.dataViewer” role to quickretail-web.
You are managing an online food delivery platform hosted on Compute Engine. You want your support team to be automatically notified if customers experience delays in loading order information for at least 3 minutes. You need a Google-recommended solution that doesn't require additional development costs. What should you do?;B. Create an alert policy to send a notification when the HTTP response latency exceeds the specified threshold.;A. Export Cloud Monitoring metrics to BigQuery and use a Looker Studio dashboard to monitor the platform's order processing latency.;C. Implement an App Engine service which invokes the Cloud Monitoring API and sends a notification in case of anomalies.;D. Use the Cloud Monitoring dashboard to observe latency and take the necessary actions when the response latency exceeds the specified threshold.
Your company, SkyCraft Solutions, has launched a new application called "WeatherTrak" that provides real-time weather updates. WeatherTrak is running on a single Compute Engine instance and saves its logs to a local disk. Recently, some users have reported errors when using the app. You need to identify the cause of the problem. What is the best course of action?;D. Install and configure the Ops agent and view the logs from Cloud Logging.;A. Navigate to Cloud Logging and view the application logs.;B. Configure a health check on the instance and set a “consecutive successes” Healthy threshold value of 1.;C. Connect to the instance’s serial console and read the application logs.
Your team is building the development, test, and production environments for a new mobile app called SnapTrends, which is designed to analyze social media trends in real time on Google Cloud. You need to efficiently deploy and manage these environments while ensuring consistency across them. You also want to follow the best practices recommended by Google Cloud. What should you do?;D. - Use the Cloud Foundation Toolkit to create one deployment template that will work for all environments - Deploy with Terraform.;A. Create a Cloud Shell script that uses gcloud commands to deploy the environments.;B. - Create one Terraform configuration for all environments. - Parameterize the differences between environments.;C. - For each environment, create a Terraform configuration. - Use them for repeated deployment. - Reconcile the templates periodically.
Your company, BrightLens Analytics, specializes in advanced video analytics for security systems. You need to deploy a third-party video processing application onto a single Compute Engine VM instance to process real-time security footage. The application has stringent requirements for high-speed disk access to manage its internal database of processed video frames. Additionally, you need to ensure the system can recover seamlessly in case of a failure. What should you do?;C. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be Hyperdisk Extreme. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateful managed instance group.;A. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be an SSD Persistent Disk. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateful managed instance group.;B. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be an SSD Persistent Disk. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateless managed instance group.;D. - Create an instance template. - Set the disk type to be Hyperdisk Extreme. - Launch the instance template as part of a stateless managed instance group.
Imagine a startup called "TechNova Solutions" that is building a task automation app called "AutoTasker." They have a Compute Engine VM instance running in a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network with single-stack subnets. AutoTasker’s backend relies on this VM instance, and other internal services hosted in the same VPC need to communicate with it consistently. To ensure seamless communication, they need the VM to have a fixed IP address, following Google’s recommended practices while keeping costs low. What should the TechNova team do?;B. Promote the existing IP address of the VM to become a static internal IP address.;A. Promote the existing IP address of the VM to become a static external IP address.;C. Reserve a new static external IPv6 address and assign the new IP address to the VM.;D. Reserve a new static external IP address and assign the new IP address to the VM.
You are working for a rapidly growing e-commerce platform called SwiftCart. As the platform scales, you need to optimize its Google Cloud resource consumption and provide a detailed report on resource usage and associated costs. To achieve this in the most efficient way, you are evaluating your options for investigating resource consumption charges and presenting a clear summary of your findings. What should you do?;B. - Attach labels to SwiftCart's resources to reflect the owner and purpose. - Export Cloud Billing data into BigQuery, and analyze it with Data Studio.;A. - Rename SwiftCart's resources to reflect the owner and purpose. - Write a Python script to analyze resource consumption.;C. - Assign tags to SwiftCart's resources to reflect the owner and purpose. - Export Cloud Billing data into BigQuery, and analyze it with Data Studio.;D. - Create a script to analyze resource usage based on the project to which SwiftCart's resources belong. - In this script, use the IAM accounts and service accounts that control given resources.
You are managing the infrastructure for a new fitness-tracking app called FitMetrics. You want to ensure that any unexpected usage of cloud resources, either due to a bug in the app or a potential attack, doesn't lead to a significant increase in costs. What steps should you take to control spending and avoid sudden billing spikes?;B. Set up quotas for the resources that your project will be using.;A. Set up budgets and alerts in your project.;C. Set up a spending limit on the credit card used in your billing account.;D. Label all resources according to best practices, regularly export the billing reports, and analyze them with BigQuery.